[Intro: Blades of Glory sample]
*We're going to skate to one song...one song only*
I ain't been gone that long, have I?
the crown meet the throne
Even in prison I'm still the shit
I (ball so hard)
My ankle hurt
don't buy a car if I ain't the first
Merci beaucoup in Paris
Parlez vous francais I say, Menage a trois today I say
So Ross
Don't like that, blow your whistle dawg
No referee throw no flag, ain't no techs for me
[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
So I ball so hard mothafuckas want to fine me, first niggas got to find me
What's 50 grand to a mothafucka like me, can you please remind me?
(Ball so hard) This shit crazy, y'all don't know that don't shit phase me
The Nets could go 0 for 82 and I look at you like this shit gravy
(Ball so hard) This shit weird, we ain't even supposed to be here
(Ball so hard) Since we here, it's only right that we'd be fair
Psycho: I'm liable to go Michael, take your pick
Jackson, Tyson, Jordan, Game 6
(Ball so hard) Got a broke clock, Rolleys that don't tick tock
Audemars that's losing time, hidden behind all these big rocks
(Ball so hard) I'm shocked too, I'm supposed to be locked up too
If you escape what I've escaped, you'd be in Paris getting fucked up too
(Ball so hard) Let’s get faded, Le Meurice for like 6 days
Gold bottles, scold models, spillin’ Ace on my sick J’s
(Ball so hard) Bitch behave, just might let you meet 'Ye
Chi town's D. Rose, I’m moving the Nets to BK

[Hook]
Ball so hard mothafuckas want to fine me
(That shit cray, that shit cray, that shit cray)

[Verse 3: Kanye]
She said, "'Ye can we get married at the mall?"
I said, "Look, you need to crawl 'fore you ball
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all"
(Ball so hard) That shit cray, ain’t it Jay? What she order, fish filet?
(Ball so hard) "Your whip so cold!" This old thing?
Act like you’ll ever be around mothafuckas like this again
Bougie girl, grab her hand, fuck that bitch she don’t wanna dance
Excuse my French but I’m in France, I’m just sayin'
Prince William ain’t do it right if you ask me
Cause if I was him I would have married Kate and Ashley
What’s Gucci, my nigga? What’s Louis, my killa?
What’s drugs, my deala? What’s that jacket, Margiela?
Doctors say I’m the illest, cause I’m suffering from realness
Got my niggas in Paris and they going gorillas, huh!

[Interlude]
I don't even know what that means
(No one knows what it means, but it's provocative)
No it's not, it's gross
(Gets the people going!)

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Kanye]
You are now watching the throne, don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone
These other niggas is lyin, actin’ like the summer ain’t mine
(I got that hot bitch in my home) You know how many hot bitches I own?
Don't let me in my zone, don't let me in my zone
Don't let me in my zone, don't let me in my zone
The stars is in the building, they hands is to the ceiling
I know I’m 'bout to kill it, how you know? I got that feeling
You are now watching the throne, don't let me into my zone
Don't let me in my zone (I’m definitely in my zone)
