Fury
Yeah, yeah, huh, aye! What the fuck I got to worry about now?
Nigga, you think after weatherin' the storm and comin' from the extremes I came from
You think I'mma come all this way to get scared? Hahah!
Nah, nigga, I'mma motherfuckin' win
Nigga, if all this shit go out the window right now, man
I'm all too familiar with this shit
My nigga, I'm straight, you dig? Please believe that shit, man
You can keep the car, the clothes, the money and the hoes
Just gimme a couple of O's, drop me off at the sto'
Let me fill up my Impala, go and holla at my partners
but shawty I don't need it
My beginnin' was a humble one
a hustler I'm a son of one
Taught me how to number run, I went from that to number one
Had a hundred ones, I bought a slab, flipped another one
Sold my little three-eighty east, and said I need another gun
The littlest in the trap, and got it poppin' like some bubblegum
Junkies hatin' on my stacks, sayin' I'm nuttin but a young
Buck
Just wanna see the little boy wit' nuts change a old nigga whole face up
Hey, you can keep the game and the fame, the haters and the lames
Just gimme some cocaine, and somewhere I can slang
And I'm straight,
Hey, you can keep the clones and the clowns,
the throne and the crown
Well-known in the town that I'm holdin' it down
Okay now, now when I spit it, I spit it how I live it
Every verse I ever gave ya, it was fact, nothin' fiction
I'mma gangsta in the game, go ask Lil' Wayne
Ask Judge Johnson, how many times he saw my face
For, "pistol here, pistol there," "violation here, violation there"
Betta ask Rank, I ran the jail when I was there
When I'm in the A wit' the King, or in Detroit in the snow
I'm a pro, whether it's movin' snow or movin' 'dro
That's between me and you, I can get it for the low
Mine on "Larry King," theirs is on "Maury"
Snowman bitch (bitch)
It's a cold world, so I keep two heaters (geyeah!)
A little over aggressive, yeah I just might be
But half the niggas in the hood just like me (damn!)
You wonder why a nigga talk eight balls all day?
You should try standin' around wit' eight balls all day (YEEEAAAHHH!!)
Somebody pray for me, I don't know nothin' else (AYE!)
Why should I help you, when you ain't tryin' to help yourself
I came in this game, fresh out the streets (yeah)
Who you kiddin' nigga, I put my life on these beats (YEAH!)
Fuck bein' broke, this a reality check (check)
