Kuntry had fronted me 20 ki's told me to keep 20 G's
Then forgot to tell me that it's 25 to eternity
Now picture me, in a GS3 with all my folk
Versace Coat, and a Monte 'Lo from slangin' coke
My Marc Buchanan Pelle Pelle over Teflon, protect my belly
From 9 millimeter cannon, while talkin' on celly telly's
Ki's comin straight from the CIA and Bill Clinton
Nigga materialistics can't substitute for your happiness
Life's about how you feel about you and what you do
Why I'm trappin'? cause it's the only job with fair taxes
And it keep a nigga tight to death in Polos and Air Max's
P$C with a pound to chief
Soon as the school year ends, I pick up my ki's
So crank the V12, put down the females, replace 'em with cheese
200 G's for the package, but they 10.5 a piece, now
On the streets they goin' for 21.5 at least
This for all y'all goddamn so called uh ex-convicts, so called former dope dealers man. When y'all done had a summer like that, you knahmsayin'? Nigga I done gave you the rundown homeboy. Nigga you can check my mothafuckin' background nigga, check my credentials nigga you knahmsayin'?. It's official nigga, I done done this shit. Summer '96, nigga remember me? Haaaa. 16 years old, balling on y'all bitch ass niggas. Pimp Squad Click remember the...you remember who the first nigga was with a Millenia nigga, y'all remember the first nigga through the Westside nigga with a Millenia nigga , y'all remember that shit nigga..that shit ain't fake nigga, I did that shit for real. My reputation proceeds me homeboy. Nigga y'all niggas talkin' all that dopeboy shit, y'all niggas kickin' all that convict shit, man I laugh at y'all man. I'm sittin' back man, that's why you see me in my button down shirt. That's why you see me in my button down shirts in my Rolls Royce man, cuz I done done that shit man. I'm happy to be alive man, I'm happy to be out, I'm happy to be done never snitched on nobody, never done caught no case, never been down the road like that you knahmsayin'?. I done done my lil' time, came on home man. Nigga I'm a real motherfuckin' G nigga, this is what motherfuckin' dreams is made of nigga. You listen closely, I'm drug related
