Somebody, somebody, somebody
If you wanna party, say 'party' (Party!)
Say 'party' (Party!)
Nineteen ninety three
JJ and FP
As I flow crowd goes up and down like a yo-yo
Me to a mic like Shaq to a ball
Tough like a tank not puffed like a filo
I'm breaking up with a girl I'm leaving her weeped like a willow
Age of twelve a rapper just for fun
My desire inspired by (Ru-Run... D...)
But now I'm the epitome
Years and Years and ya can't get rid of me
From the dark age into the renaissance
The rap obsession caused the regression
But one man stood up, and that man’s me
To show you what it takes to be a real MC
You need [scratching] wicky-wicky rhymes
With a sticky-sticky style
And if you friggy-flow you get wiggy-wiggy-wild
You need to need to take your take ya time to pursue it
Till you're wicky-wicky rhymes flow right through it
I kick the nitty gritty
For the people in the city
Here's somethin' that you best not miss
As we go a little somethin like dis (Hit it!)
[Hook]
(As we go a little somethin like dis)
Yeahh the crowd rocks in the hoouuse
Top feeling, hands to the (ceiling?)
Ain't no playin around or sitting around
Or standin around, clown, when I'm gettin down
Heavy on bass, go lightly on the treble
Where's the jam? I search like I'm gonna
Find the party kick it like punter
Back in the day they used to judge a MC (On what?)
By how amped and loud the whole crowd would be
I go 'uh', they go 'uh'
If I go 'yeah', they go 'yeah'
Yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah)
It's like a drug and I can't stand it
Mic like a pipe, and use it like a magnet
As we go a little somethin like dis
(Hit it!)
[Hook]
(As we go a little somethin like dis)
(Hit it)
(As we go a little somethin like dis)
(Hit it)
[Verse 3: The Fresh Prince (DJ Jazzy Jeff)]
It's Jazzy Jazzy (Yo my name is Jeff)
Well it's Jazzy Jazzy (Yo my name is Jeff)
Well it's Jazzy Jazzy (Yo my name is Jeff)
(And don't forget about my man the Fresh the Prince, pick it)
Getu de dups de dit min e tin a harmen
And edow ski dup nit up widu widout
Sit o to the funky did dat you can't mid who get hypnotized widup wid-ow gritu
A mitay to eat wid-ow we di stit ow
It ain't what under test me sedi who do da best beat
You know, you know, what I'm talkin about
Bewede I didn't figure it out
(Now pump it up)
Cause I'm superior, double than average, talking to many (?) me
But that is okay cause in time l will get the respect what you do to the greatest MC
My name is the Prince and don’t ever forget it, you can’t even if you try
‘cause I’m a hell-of-a-lover, a hell-of-a-fighter, a wholla-of-a-hell-of-a-guy
here's somethin that ya just can't miss
As we go a little somethin like dis
(Hit it!)
[Hook]
(As we go a little somethin like dis)
(Hit it)
(As we go a little somethin like dis)
(Hi-hi-hi-hi-hit it)
(Hi-hi-hi-hi-hit it)
(As we go-as we go-as we go a little somthin like dis)
