Listen homeboys don't mean to burst your bubble
But girls of the world ain't nothing but trouble
So next time a girl gives you the play
Just remember my rhyme and get the hell away
Just last week when I was walking down the street
I observed this lovely lady that I wanted to meet
I walked up to her I said hello
She said: "You're kind of cute" I said: "Yes, I know, but...
By the way, sweetheart, what's your name?"
She said: "My friends like to call me exotic Elaine"
I said: "My name is the Prince" and she said: "Why?"
I said: "Well, I don't know, I'm just a hell of a guy!
But enough about me, yo, let's talk about you
And all the wonderful things that you and I can do"
I popped some trash and in a little bit of time
I showed some cash and the girl was mine
I took her over town I wined her and dined her
She ask me 'did I like her?' I said: "Well... kinda"
All of a sudden she jumped out her seat
Snatched me up by my wrist and took me out to the street
She started grabbin all over me kissing and hugging
So I shoved her away I said: "You better stop buggin'!"
She got mad looked me dead in my face
Threw her hands in the air and yelled out: "Rape!"
I got scared when she started to yell
So I handed her my wallet and ran like hell
I was duckin through alleys right and left
But when the cops caught up they almost beat me to death
I was arrested charged with aggravated assault
(Yo Clancy we got him) but it wasn't my fault!
Nevertheless don't mean to burst your bubble
But girls of the world ain't nothing but trouble
So next time a girl gives you the play
Just remember my rhyme and get the hell away
[Verse Two]
Cooling watching a Mike Tyson fight
I was maxin and relaxin sippin on tequila
When this girl walked up she said: "Hi, my name is Sheila"
20 minutes later things were starting to cook
As we pulled up into her house I said: "I'm with you, toots"
The music was soft and there was wine in the glasses
She started winking and making little passes
At me she pat me close that's when she got bold
She started feeling up my back I said: "Oh, your hands are cold!"
We went to her bedroom thinking of one thing
Took the phone off the hook to avoid the annoying ring
I carresed her body and I kissed her cheek
And that's when I observed those satin bed sheets
I felt that it was time for me to make my move
I thought I better hurry up before I busted the groove
I leaned down to kiss her
but then out of the blue
A door slammed and a voice said: "Baby, where are you?"
Her boyfriend busted in, he grinned an evil grin
And said: "Boy, I'mma tear your butt limb from limb!"
I was scared as hell, where was I supposed to go?
I just yelled: "Geronimo!" and jumped out the window
Just my luck we were in a snow storm
And all I had was my underwear on to keep my warm
And to top the night off I had to break in my place
Because my keys were in my pants back on Sheila's book case
I was done, sneezing and coughing...
I hope this doesn't happen too often
Nevertheless don't mean to burst your bubble
But girls of the world ain't nothing but trouble
So next time a girl gives you the play
Just remember my rhyme and get the hell away
[Jazzy] Yo man you think they see your point?
[Prince] I don't know, I don't think they really do...
[Jazzy] I think you should give 'em another example
[Prince] Awright, give me a scratch let's make it funky right here
[Verse Three]
I got a ring on my phone May 5th last year
It was my girlfriend Betty I said: "Hello dear!
Run-D.M.C. concert
"It's six o'clock now, at eight will you be ready?" (Yeah)
"Aight, fine, see you then, Betty"
Got funky fresh dressed in my Le Coq Sportif
Got to Betty's at eight I was ready to jet
Until Betty's mom said: "Betty's not ready yet"
I sat there for at least an hour
It was ten after nine before she got in the shower
9:35 she comes downstairs
And said: "I need a little longer to finish my hair"
At ten o'clock we had then missed the show
She comes downstairs and says 'let's go'!?
"Go where? Go to sleep, I'm gone!"
I was steamin like a demon as I drove home
But it just goes to show not trying to burst your bubble
But girls of the world ain't nothing but trouble
So next time a girl gives you the play
Just remember my rhyme
Just remember my rhymes
Take heed to my rhymes and get the hell away
[Outro]
Man, first your parents just don't understand...
Then you have these crazy nightmares...
you know how it is... can't live wit 'em...
...can't live without 'em
