Uhh, man! Uh, my eye, my eye... (What's up? What's up man?)
Man, this guy just walked to me and punched me in my eye, man
So I'm, I was just trying to talk to his girl
I don't even know her, man! (Aw, man, that's dead)
Yep! Man, Jeff, get me some ice, man, I can't believe this, man!
Listen homeboys don't mean to burst your bubble
But girls of the world ain't nothing but trouble
So next time a girl gives you the play
Just remember my rhyme and get the hell away
Just last week when I was walking down the street
I observed this lovely lady that I wanted to meet
I walked up to her I said hello
She said: "Hey! You're kind of cute" I said: "Yes, I know, but...
By the way, sweetheart, what's your name?"
She said: "My friends like to call me exotic Elaine"
I said: "My name is the Prince" and she said: "Why?"
I said: "Well... I don't know, I'm just a hell of a guy!
But enough about me, let's talk about you
And all the wonderful things that you and I can do"
I popped some trash and in a little bit of time
I showed some cash and the girl was mine
I took her over town, I wined her and dined her
She ask me 'was I horny?' I said: "Well... kinda"
All of a sudden she jumped out her seat
Snatched me up by my wrist and took me out to the street
She started grabbin all over me kissing and hugging
So I punched her in her chin, I said: "You better stop buggin'!"
She got mad looked me dead in my face
Threw her hands in the air and yelled out: "Rape!"
I got scared when she started to yell
So I hit her with a trash can and ran like hell
I was duckin through alleys right and left
But when the cops caught up they almost beat me to death
Now I'm in prison, charged with aggravated assault
But I didn't do nothing, it was that dumb bra-ed's fault!
Nevertheless don't mean to burst your bubble
But girls of the world ain't nothing but trouble
So next time a girl gives you the play
Just remember my rhymes and get the hell away
I was in a bar one Friday night
Chilling out watching the Sugar Ray fight
I was kinda laying back, sipping on tequila
When this girl walked up she said: "Hi, my name is Sheila"
She bought my drink, I thought that that was polite
So I walked out with her, I said "What's up for tonight?"
She said "Just get in the car" so I obliged
About 20 minutes later we pulled up in her garage
She parked the car, gave me some sexy looks
She started walkin' in the house, I said "I'm with you toots!"
Soft music and wine in the glasses
And then she started to make little passes at me
She said "Sweetheart, today's your lucky day
Cause when I'm finished with you you're gonna yell 'Oh lay!'"
She stood up so I stood up with her
She puckered up so I started to kiss her
She grabbed me close then she got bold
She started feelin' up my back I said "Ooh your hands are cold!"
We went into her bedroom thinkin' of one thing
Took the phone off the hook to avoid the annoying ring
Pulled down the shades then we dimmed the lights
Then we took a tasty sip of Riunite, on ice
I chewed a stick of doublemint to freshen my breath
I gave her half of that stick, it was the last one left
I caressed her bod, then I kissed her cheek
That's when I observed those Gucci bed sheets
I felt that it was time for me to make my move
I thought I'd better hurry up before I busted the groove
I was kind of uptight and I knew she could soothe me
I tapped her on the shoulder and said "Ah-ehm, excuse me"
She touched my lips and asked me not to speak
Got undressed and pulled back those Gucci bed sheets
Sat down on the bed, laid back her pretty head
Kicked her feet up on the pillows and that's when she said that
She wanted me to be her one and only
She said "Lay down, baby doll, I'm getting lonely"
All of a sudden, out of the blue
A door slammed and a voice said "Baby, where are you!?"
Distinctfully I panicked, my heart full of fear
She said "That's my boyfriend, babe, you better get out of here!"
Her boyfriend busted in, he grinned and evil grin
He said: "Boy, I'mma tear your butt limb from limb!"
I was scared as hell, where was I supposed to go?
I just yelled: "Geronimo!" and jumped out the window
Just my luck we were in a snow storm
I didn't even have my underwear on to keep my warm
And to top the night off I had to break in my place
Because my keys were in my pants back on Sheila's book case
I was done, sneezing and coughing...
I hope this doesn't happen too often
Nevertheless don't mean to burst your bubble
But girls of the world ain't nothing but trouble
So next time a girl gives you the play
Just remember my rhyme
Just remember my rhyme
Take heed to my rhyme and get the hell away
Yeah, well... can't live wit 'em...
...can't live without 'em
(Better take care of that eye)
