[Produced by Nate Fox]
Thirsty, thirsty, tryna choose
I mean, I know I'm pretty cool
My Nitty bag, my kitty boost
I got the juice, I got the juice
Chano, Chatham's own
Foolies glad I'm home
Even my haters kinda glad I'm on
Rest In Peace to my Vagabond
Rapper song, singer, suspended, subpoena
For misdemeanors, dreamer
Held back ass is lowkey still a senior
And I still shake up BO Squad,
praying for my BroBois
City on the come up, shout that nigga Sosa!
Shout my nigga Fat Trel, shout my nigga Joseph
Playing Buenos Aires while they sleepin': buenas noches!
Wonder if I wrote this, 'cause it's so crisp
The most brokest cold stock broker, winter solstice
I could win an Oscar, Russian accent husky
Acid addict, costly avid actor, Kevin Costner
Juice! Juice! Juice! Juice!
I got the juice, I got the juice (Yup!)
Juice! Juice! Juice! Juice!
I got the juice, I got the juice (Yup!)
God give me one sentence more
Maybe I just gotta get suspended more?
Hashtag it, get mentions for it
Make you love it, get it trending more
And then act humble
Hear some bull that some dude mumble
Wantin' to jump dude, but let that nigga punk you
Knowin' bitch niggas wanna bring guns to the rumbles, IGH!
But I love y'all souls,
don't let the juice spill Pac!
Blue pill pop 'til you feel good enough to pop
The popped bitch in the blue heels, yop!
That one,
drown in the juice nigga
Hunnid proof get found in a youth nigga
Stop with all the tryna' introduce nigga
Everybody know you dude, you the new nigga!
How's it feel to be you? Yo no sé
I ain't really been myself since Rod passed
I ain't even really need that shop class
I ain't really been weak since pop's smashed
I'm a genius, a mothafuckin pop smash
Hit sensei, master
Jack and Lindsey, Wiley, Kembe
Been paid, 10 Day been they FAFSA
Juice! Juice! Juice! Juice!
I got the juice, I got the juice (Yup!)
Juice! Juice! Juice! Juice!
I got the juice, I got the juice (Yup!)
Jugo, you never tasted paper
Tripped, racing yaself tryna' chase the paper
I just faced a Veg-er
And you love being Kobe when you make the lay-er
'Til you realize everybody in the world fuckin' hates the Lakers
And then everybody wanna sip
'Til the juice spill everybody wanna bib
And then everybody wanna dip
Told you I ain't worried, I ain't scared of the booth
All you can do is spit a verse of the truth
Merge the mixture with the purest and the fruits
And the thirst, just the worst, it's the curse of the juice!
Juice! Juice! Juice! Juice!
I got the juice, I got the juice (Yup!)
Juice! Juice! Juice! Juice!
I got the juice, I got the juice (Yup!)
Thirsty, thirsty, tryna choose
I mean, I know I'm pretty cool
My Nitty bag, my kitty boost
I got the juice, I got the juice
(Juice, juice, juice, juice) Yup!
(Juice, juice, juice, juice) Yup!
Yup! Yup!
Yup!
