Grab a seat, grab a seat. So, you remember this place? Graduation?
Abbey Road sprung to mind with the strings.
That suit was like, I would've worn something different if I could look back right now.
I could still do a suit, I just wouldn't have done that exact lapel situation.
That was so early on for you to be stepping in a room with that many players and to give yourself that objective.
If I see something, if I see an opportunity, I'm gonna go for it.
We're all gonna die one day.
ZL: Yeah, that's true.
So live like that. Live like you could die tomorrow. Go for it.
Those steps have been the platforms that allowed me to make it this far.
Six original albums of your own
a Throne record
various records with G.O.O.D. Music
Yeezus. Bravo, dude. I mean, that is one of the most creative records of any genre I've heard in a very, very long time, and just in terms of your output, your most exciting-sounding record, I think.
and there's something weird and kind of off about "Mercy," like when it has the high-pitched (impersonates noise), that type of sound. It sounds like art still a little bit, even though it obviously was a radio smash.
everybody is bound to these -- no pun intended
the normal radio thing
I was talking to Frank Ocean about this
my mom got arrested for the sit-ins,
Like, sit off of radio, and say, hey radio, come to us.
that really awesome artists can make amazing music and not break as far past as, like, something that's very formulaic.
I'm not trying to regurgitate myself
I showed people that I understand how to make perfect.
Dark Fantasy could be considered to be perfect.
I know how to make perfect.
But that's not what I'm here to do. I'm here to crack the pavement and make new grounds, sonically and society, culturally.
And I'm gonna try to push Pusha T -- no pun intended once again,
this keeps happening to me
And then for me as Kanye West, I gotta fuck shit up.
And you did, dude, seriously. From the minute it starts. I mean, seriously
On Sight
It's disgusting.
Nah. This is me going to the studio with Thomas and Guy-Manuel, who's Daft Punk.
They had a synthesizer the size of that wall right there.
This is just one session right here. This beat was originally like 14 minutes long, and that part in the beginning was something we completely just distorted, and I ended up making that the intro.
I got a beef with you over this track
Cause it's one of the best beats on the record for me
KW: And you know, originally "Blood on the Leaves" was supposed to be first.
ZL: Wow.
KW: Which, psychologically, I know would have changed certain Yeezus naysayers
about the album.
But I wanted to take a more aggressive approach with music.
You know, people go on a vacation and say, you got the drugs, you got the music, you got the wine?
So I'm gonna take music and I'm gonna try to make it three-dimensional, like on Star Wars and the hologram'll pop up out of R2D2.
I'm gonna try to make something that jumps up and affects you, in a good or bad way.
I'm going into a scream in the middle of the track because that's just the way I feel.
But I'm not here to make easy listening, easy programmable music.
KW: That's how life is. It's like a car crash. You could just be driving, and just out of nowhere it happens.
Well, I didn't reduce it. Rick Rubin reduced it. He's not a producer, he's a reducer. (Laughs).
Taking one thousand meetings, attempting to get backing to do clothing and different things like that. Getting no headway whatsoever. It was just that level of frustration.
This is what frustration fucking sounds like.
I was with Quincy Jones
John Legend's wedding
Of course you know Michael Jackson, he had to fight to get his video played because he was black. This is Michael Jackson. Michael Jackson's not even black, he's Michael Jackson -- you know what I mean?
They classify my motivational speeches as rants
I've reached a point in my life where my Truman Show boat has hit the painting
water bottle design
remember our South Park photo - remember how funny that was?
No knock to trap, cause I did "Can't Tell Me Nothing" - I like it.
But it's been commercialized to the point where - and I'm not mentioning no names - but people used to use the term "R&B nigga" but then it was "rappers." But then rappers didn't wanna be no R&B nigga. Now the rappers is the new R&B niggas! The rapper's the new radio! Like where's the culture at? Where is the culture at?
whether I'm at a dinner with Anna Wintour, or I'm at a listening session with Pusha, or me and Virgil are in Rome giving designs to Fendi
Brought the leather jogging pants 6 years ago to Fendi, and they said no
How many motherfuckers you done seen with a leather jogging pant?
Meaning when I see Hedi Slimane and it's all like, "OK this is my take on the world" - yeah he got some nice $5,000 jeans in there, some nice ones here and there, some good shit here and there.
But we culture. Rap the new rock n' roll! We culture!
Rap is the new rock n' roll! We the rock stars!
It's been like that for a minute, Hedi Slimane!
It's been like that for a minute. We the real rock stars, and I'm the biggest of all of 'em.
I'm the number one rock star on the planet.
CLICK HERE FOR PART 2
