We the real rockstars and I'm the biggest of all of them. I'm the biggest rock star on the planet.
That record
but I shouldn't be limited to only one place of creativity.
You guys don't understand that I did the Yeezys and they EBAY'd for 90 thousand dollars and people wanted them bad as whatever, right?
But I didn't get a call from Nike the next day. You guys don't understand that I've met with companies and they say, "What we're trying to figure out is how we can control you and control that".
Gaudi
As a creative, for you to have done something to the level of the Yeezys and not be able to create more and you cannot- you cannot create that on your own, with no support, with no backing.
clean water was only served to the fairer skinned
your Truman Show boat is hitting the wall.
What people don't realize is I want to make uniforms for my high school basketball team through Brand Yeezy. I want to make that one step, and then make another step, and eventually do uniforms for the entire city, then I want those uniforms to be hot and make money, then I eventually want to be the anchor and the force behind a billion dollar company and after I make that billion dollar step, then I can go in and say I have an opinion on this and that could be a ten billion dollar step, I eventually want to be the anchor of the first trillion dollar company.
Watch The Throne set
I designed the set with Es Devlin
"Ok, surround vision, there should be a screen above you, below you, to the left, to the right of you and one in front of you also"
then I paid my own money that I get paid for doing Gold Digger, which I never really liked that song but I always knew I would get paid for doing Gold Digger
then I shoot a film in Qatar with three camera crews,
show it in Cannes, the night before amfAR on the beach, build it in a pyramid with Rem Koolhaas' agency, design the entire thing, put editors in it, blah blah blah, people give a standing ovation
an interview in New York Times
I like some the Gaga songs. What the fuck does she know about cameras?
the musicians try to get more money by promoting other products
Classism
"I am a god"
I just told you who I thought I am, a god! I just told you! That's who I think I am! Would it have been better if I had a song that said, "I am a nigga"?
All those color and patinas fit better on a person like me, right?
But to say you are a god? Especially, when you got shipped over to the country that you're in, and your last name is a slave owners. How can you say that; how could you have that mentality?
I've always felt I can do anything.
That's the main thing people are controlled by, thoughts- the perceptions of themselves.
I was taught I could do everything
I'm Kanye West at age 36.
