So now, that was funny, right?
bring up that...yeah, that--do you really think I look like SpongeBob?
[Kanye]
Yeah, that’s when I think of the best shit.
I was saying this in real time, in real life
You know, with my position, people are so scared to say anything, you know, as soon as you’re a celebrity, you’re not to say anything anymore. But just to completely wild out…
The only reason I could do that is because we could speak on a similar level, and we can go back and forth.
[Kanye]
I just thought that that was amazing, to crack media, in a way. You know, I feel that media does everything they can to break creatives, to break artists, to break people’s spirits, and I do everything I can to break media.
Fashion isn’t always practical.
my boy Virgil, that created the line Pyrex Vision
We sat as interns at Fendi like six years ago. We had cue cards and everything, and the leather jogging pants is one of the things we presented that didn’t go through,
the Zane interview
I would sit with Hedi Slimane, who’s now the head designer of Saint Laurent
And it would just be like, what I was trying to express in the Zane interview was, like, me--I know I’m hip hop, and a rapper and everything--but I’ve got ideas that mean something if I could put the proper production around them
So when do a Nike Yeezy
Louis Vuitton shoe
Rick Rubin
Mike Dean
I just called myself a creative genius
What’s so genius about this?” But when people line up for the Yeezy, they’re like, “Oh, wow, this is like really genius.” You need that production.
And that’s what I was talking about when the Truman Show hit the boat.
Steve Harvey collection
No extra buttons on jackets or anything like that.
Michael Jackson had to fight to get his videos on MTV because he was considered to be “urban.”
This is Michael Jackson.
When I’m in Paris and I’m sitting in Fashion Week for nine years
South Park makes fun of our outfits
???
Francois Pinault
I mean, my grandfather drove the first cars in the marches just to get clean water
an interview in W Magazine
it’s not about racism anymore; it’s classism, that’s what I talked about.
Paula Deen, she was old-school with it. They’re like, “We don’t do it like that anymore, Paula Deen. We’re classist now.”
ten thousand hours
And the irony of it is, think about a creative person in school. When you picture them, you’re probably picturing them all the way in the back of the class sketching or maybe getting beat up, and I’m the one creative, and this is the reason why I did this, because creatives have gotten beat up my entire life, and there’s moments when I stood up to drug dealers in Chicago and said, “You can’t have my publishing. Come and kill me. Do whatever you’re gonna do, but you’re not going to bully me, you’re not gonna stop me, because my mother made me believe in myself.”
I refuse to follow those rules that society has set up and the way they control people  with low self-esteem. With improper information, with branding, with marketing… I refuse to follow those rules.
Vertu phone
but there’s people who still spend five-thousand dollars on this bag, ten-thousand dollars on this to say, “Oh, we’re better than you.”
David Stern
“These are my heroes. These are people I look up to. This is the type of impact I want to make on the earth.”
Bob Iger
I could rap all I want, but without that Roc-a-Fella chain, and Damon giving me that Roc-a-Fella chain. I don’t care how beats I sold to whoever, I couldn’t have made it to the point to make “Jesus Walks.”
But when they show up at your house in the middle of the night, and your wife and your daughter are there, there’s no human decency there
[Kimmel]
Kanye West, everybody.
