by threatening one of America's most beloved television personalities.  We had a big dumb fight on Twitter, but he was nice enough to agree to come and talk about it tonight.  Please welcome Kanye West!
Mm-hmm. [Laughter]
I guess the first question I should ask is, who are you wearing?
KW: It's Ralph.
JK: Kramden? Lauren?
KW: Nah they've been in my mouth for three years.
JK: I guess we should talk about what happened, because I do think that somewhere in you, you want people to understand where you’re coming from is that true?
Yeah, that’s what I thought.
would be something that bothered you.
Little Kanye: I've reached a point in my life where my Truman Show boat has hit the painting. I'm not trying to regurgitate myself. I'm a product person: not just clothing, but water bottle design, architecture, anything you could think about! Brought the leather jogging pants 6 years ago to Fendi, and they said no! How many motherfuckers have you done seen with leather jogging pants?!
A lot of people think this is some kind of publicity stunt that you and I cooked up.
Any time I went up and spoke my mind, whether it put my career in jeopardy or whatever someone so called said, it was always what I thought was the truth. Whether I'm like reading from through a teleprompter or whatever I felt emotionally. I don't follow like rules of normal celebrity or what their publicist tells them to say.
I don't have a baby
I think you bring it on yourself
I don’t know if you know this, a lot of people think you’re a jerk.
[*shows a photo of Kanye with Kimmel's dad] - who you may have though was Wolf Blitzer in fairness
Southwest Airlines
I’m not running for office, I’m just here to make good music, make people feel good when they hear my music.
Gucci slippers
John Legend’s wedding
People told me I couldn’t rap.
People had all this advice for me about how I shouldn't try to rap.
And I wouldn’t even say I’m a rapper, I’m more of a messenger than a rapper.
and I’m totally inappropriate sometimes
So you’re gonna love me or you’re gonna hate me
