8732 that's the way it go
Kanye and Jizzle say it ain't so
Wait till I get my money right
If I had a billion dollars (YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
Yeah, I'd spend all in a day, show these niggas how to play (play)
Top floor penthouse, I'll show them where I stay (stay)
Grand piano, might learn to play
Need a hundred grand just to walk past it every day
You know I like them white keys on it (yea!)
Duct tape when we wrap them, call me prejudice
Cause I never touch the black ones (keys that is, Ha Ha!)
Let me show how to do this, shawty!
I hit the strip club and I blew bout forty (DAMN!)
Patron got me so confused (fused)
Until I stumbled outside and I made the news
Fresh nine piece, yeah them wings is cajun
Never seen me in the kitchen nigga, I am amazing (nah)
Well, fuck it I'm rich then
If balling is a crime, fuck it I'm hit then
If thugging is a term, fuck it I'm it then
The insane dough, hey, fuck it I'm sick then
Somebody call me a shrink
Until then, I'mma fix me a drink (Ha Ha!)
Top down in the Bent, I'm so intoxicated
Sometimes I think to myself "Goddamn, I made it"
And I know they hate it
On the all night flight
Trying to get my money right
[Hook: Kanye West (Young Jeezy)]
La La La La (Hey!)
Wait till I get my money right
La La La La (Yeah!)
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me, is you saying something?
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
[Verse 2: Kanye West (Young Jeezy)]
Yeah, homie this a theme song
If I always prayed to have gleam on
$300 jeans on, do that mean I dream wrong?
And I was high as a Leer Jet
Fly as the insect
even though we in debt
And it don't matter if I get her number cause
When I get my money right she gon come running
God knows that my check needs some extra 0's
you need to bring some extra hoes
jogging pants either
tell them wear some sexy clothes
Now my game so professional
And my chain so fresh, they go (oh oh oh oh oh)
Right after the fame did you gain anything?
Damn 'Ye, would you change anything?
But (If I had a billion dollars YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
I'd copped more pink polos and pop those collars
Misery love company, her nickname Sorrow
My Benz need company, her nickname tahoe
“Wait 'til I get my money” everybody's motto
So I'mma need a bravo for everything I wrote
Yeah, hey, mama they can't hate him
Cause after all of the drama, K slayed them
I got money
Good money made!
