Last time I got here, before I even arrived, they had ‘fuck Kanye’ on the motherfuckin’ port-a-potties.
But this year, we gon’ piss on ‘em, on they motherfuckin’ port-a-potties.
How many of y'all don't give a fuck about what the press say?
It's 2014. College Dropout came out 2004.
I want y'all to know, every time I go to the studio, every time I do an interview, every time I make a motherfuckin' t-shirt, the thing I do, I give it everything I got. And when I talk that shit, it's so that you can talk that shit. If you a fan of me, you a fan of your motherfuckin' self.
Look at how they try to make me look. They try to make me look crazy.
And the people that write that? I don't see them performing
90,000 motherfuckers
I know you seen movies and shit. Jimi Hendrix. John Lennon. Jim Morrison. I know y'all seen movies and shit. But y'all livin' a movie right motherfucking now.
Because I AM THE NUMBER ONE MOTHERFUCKING ROCK STAR ON THE PLANET.
You know, I had a meeting with Oprah Winfrey. She wanted to give me some advice. What she told me was that the corporations are scared of me.
'Little ol' me?! Why you scared of me?!
Because I tell the kids the truth?! Why y'all scared of me?!' Why they so scared of me? … Little ol' me?' Because I want peoples' minds to finally be free.
I need a new cool. What's the new shit out? What's the new shit out with the most commercials at the Super Bowl? Let's just stop the music and play a Bruno Mars song right now, how about that?
They told me I would never play at the Super Bowl. They told me I could never play at the Super Bowl. Not until I'm super old. Not until I'm super old … They told me I would never play at the Super Bowl. They told me I would never play at the Super Bowl, at least not until I'm super old.
So I think it's time—hold up, f—k that toast.
I know people get mad at me when I compare myself, but that's the only way I can explain what my aspirations are.
When I'm talkin' 'bout Walt Disney, when I'm talkin' 'bout Howard Hughes, when I'm talkin' 'bout Henry Ford
And right now I'm rockin' to 90,000, of y'all motherfuckers right now.
I'm going after Elon Musk. Okay, he is living, but he's my boy.
And just like Martin had a dream, and just like Kendrick had a dream.
And I know that I ain't perfect. But everything I'm not makes me everything I am.
I came to Bonnaroo six months after my mom passed. Pearl Jam went on three hours long. I did the Glow In The Dark show here. My shit was going on when the motherfuckin' daylight was comin' on.
WHERE THE PRESS AT? WHERE THE PRESS AT? WHERE THE PRESS AT?
it humbled me. It humbled me
It humbles me—but not in the Webster's definition of humility.
