I never liked you niggas
Who knew one day I'd be just like you niggas
Uh, alright you niggas, uh, alright you niggas
When I become my mama's boyfriends?
He walked in our lives I was only five
Superman pajamas I was super duper fly
Sittin there like why?
He at least Hooper-Size
You know I scrutinize, like, "Who this newer guy?"
I'm my mama boyfriend, I'm her little husband
I was the man of the house when it wasn't
Tryna get to know me, homie? Just kill the charm
You ain't interested in me, you just tryning to fuck my mom
We all the voices of our parents' bad choices
The aftermath of divorces, the kids of bitter split-ups
And babysitters, grandparents that don't know what do to with us
And the last thing I want to see is mama's new nigga
You old Old Spice wearing,
short chain wearing
Dress shoes and jogging pants wearing,
church sock wearing
When you first stop caring about your appearance?
When you get here anyway?
I already got parents
Don't try to put me in line, I already got crayons
My mama said I could do it, I already got clearance
Keep your hands off my mama
how Anita got Clarence
Yeah I know she look good
but you need to stop staring
I drew a picture of her that'd make her proud
But the door was locked and the TV up so loud
I screamed out, "I ain't going to sleep no time soon!
And when I do, I'm sleeping in my mama's room!"
I don't like you nigga
If I was old enough I'd fight you nigga
I want to run over you with my bike, you nigga
Don't go to sleep at night, you nigga
When I become my mama's boyfriends?
Twenty years later where has the time gone
Now you see I'm dating, having problems of my own
Now that I'm grown the tables turned around
I never thought I'd ever raise another nigga's child
He don't like his mama's boyfriend just like me
Don't wanna do the wrong thing,
that's very un-Spike Lee
But he be like D Bo round his mama, there
Cause when she here, he be quiet when she leave, he be talking again
He be wilding out, be calm
I don't drink the drama
or sip the Dom-Tyler-Perry-on
"You gonna marry my mom?"
Look, I don't read palms
And I don't read Psalms
but I did take little man to church
Took little man to school
Look, little man, kids don't make the rules
Even though I ain't raised you, you your mama's angel
Don't get it twisted, baby boy, I'll Ving Rhames you
I never liked you niggas
Who knew one day I'd be just like you niggas
