Because you’ve been having some remarkable conversations lately, some really in depth, really interesting conversations addressing recent things that have gone on, you know, successes, things that have kind of made people think, talk amongst themselves and it got me thinking like, where were we last time.
We were 18 months ago, not far from here and so much has changed in the last 18 months
I had so many interviews where I’m trying to express that I can create, that I can create outside of just the music box
and I’m giving examples of work that I did that was really successful and I’m getting just completely shut down.
But not just by the company we talked about last time but every single company, every single company you could imagine is just like “no, you are celebrity.
You are not allowed to create, you’re not allowed to think, you’re not allowed to have an opinion
You’re just here to wear a red leather jacket and shut up.”
And it’s true that as a celebrity you can help to promote something quickly but no one wanted to allow me to think or be involved in the product and you know, as I told you last time I said I’m a product guy
and had been used to dealing with creatives enough to allow me to create something that was very close to my heart.
You know, they original hip hop
Jon Wexler
There’s no check out and there’s no cheque to stop you from creative. No pun intended when I’m saying no check
And I remember I went into the whole thing about Hypebeast, you know I said “people be dissing me on Hypebeast”
since like Universe City.
and I had a meeting with him and it was related to doing a deal with Puma.
and it was a jacket I had done with A.P.C.
He was leveling. He was leveling the conversation, this is what people do all the time
Like if I meet someone who I respect or I look up to, I will literally like kiss their feet.
You know like when I worked with A.P.C. I only had two times to look at the collection, you know I couldn’t really grab it and dig into it the way I dig into like working on “All Of The Lights” or something like that, it’s like, there’s a timeline, a cut-off switch, especially when you’re dealing with apparel and the way that people make apparel currently
And I showed him what I shot in Qatar, the Cruel Summer film, that was using 7 screens, the surround vision idea which we’ve never shown online because you have to experience it in it’s space.
And he made sure, Hermann and Jon Wexler made sure that Adidas deal got done.
The deal is all about the moment when I can bring a shoe to a kid a Foot Locker and get on my knees and take it back to when I worked at The Gap and put the shoes on his feet.
The deal is about when the star of a show is a 5 foot 3 girl, when there’s never been a 5 foot 3 girl as the star of any fashion show.
The deal is when the kids came to 42 locations across the world to see Yeezy Season 1 x Adidas Originals launch and the excitement that was in that theater,
“Wolves,"
saw the boots, when they saw the runners, when they saw the matrix sweaters, when they saw all these things like hitting them back to back to back to back.
I feel like there's so many things that are made to, you know, to wear the people as opposed to people wearing it.
As the song says, "no one man should have all that power." No one man should have it. Everyone should have it
"All Falls Down,"
When I wrote "All Falls Down." That's when I was like, "okay, this is who I am in the.. this is what I'm, this is what I'm presenting."
"I wanna sculpt with marble."
And one of the things they had was  this Le Corbusier lamp, and it was made of cement, and it was this beautiful sculpture that was...it really inspired me because he made it for Zeus, so he made it for everyone. And it was made of cement. So it wasn't the material, it was the idea that was the most important.
But now I feel people rallying because they know that I wanna fight for H&M, Zara type concept and I know that Adidas can eventually get those price points.
And I want to apologize to everyone right now because I believe that Season 1 may still be in that upper price point
Everyone should have the opportunity to drink from the same fountain.
You know, we have to reboot our mentality. Period. Of a generation. You know, it wouldn't even matter if I sold one sweatshirt. You know, as long as this interview gets done, and kids hear this and know this and or someone in position of power or someone that will be in a position of power in the future has a chance to make a difference. And they say someone who was at the lowest point grabbing at straws, express themselves freely, and overcame it through all adversary, all adversity, means that they can do the same thing. You know
"Yo, what up, baby? I'm a genius!"
And the right way so I'm gonna stumble. I was like the 40 year old virgin of dealing with like corporations and stuff you know..
"your egg, my semen, we change the world."
was able to get that alien out of my stomach,
"Blessings" video with Big Sean and Drake
You talked about cookout music, you talked about what this album represents.
The College Dropout came out of a fight to want to rap. And this new album is coming out of a fight of wanting to design.
Kanye West: I mean, it's a joyful noise onto the Lord. Like, it is still, you know, the struggle, you know, but the beauty from the struggle. You know

Zane Lowe: As opposed to just the struggle?

Kanye West: Yea, the song Amazing Grace, you know coming out of the worst pain possible and making the most beautiful song you know, possible.
“Only One”
“FourFiveSeconds”
Rihanna’s greatest vocal performances period
it almost has like a 70’s FM American rock, sort of country-rock radio vibe to it, you know what I mean, like something you would’ve heard in Los Angeles in ’76 or something
like meeting Paul McCartney is like meeting Ralph Lauren
Fusion is the future. Period. The mixing of ideas, the mixing of, know the two lunch tables working together, you know.
incorrect English – I’m sorry mom
Ok so Louise Wilson was the baddest professor of all time of any fashion school, ever.
Lanvin which completely revolutionized the men’s sneaker, fashion sneaker industry.
Exactly, that’s what she said, they clap. And she just looked at me, she said “Kanye, don’t clap.”
I didn’t know we were gonna lose her.
You know she would—
But when you, I think…
Cause you know I was nominated for that Album Of The Year as well as part of the Sam Smith album as a producer and a co-writer
“that was Sun Tzu, that was Art of War.”
And then I woke up the next morning and it was like “naw, he’s not an artist” and I was like “aw man, I love that album!”
You know, there could be a lot of people who feel Marshawn Lynch shoulda been handed the ball. But there’s a bunch of Patriots fans that are happy he didn’t get the ball.
Charlamagne interview
“Only One”
If you’re Reading This It’s Too Late
“6PM in New York”
