Friends.. Romans countrymen.. lend me a dollar! Ahh-ha!
Damon Wayans
How much? --A dollar
"One dollar.."
Dan Akroyd
Eddie Murphy
Dan Akroyd
"Can I borrow a dollar?" --
BizMarkie
"Nigga you ain't shit.. you wasn't shit when you was here!
I seen you do that shit all that's the same shit
You was doin round the poolroom nigga
It ain't nuthin -- let me have a dollar"
Dan Akroyd
Common Sense and the Unamerican Caravan
The true b-boys, dem dere and we in here
Southside of Chicago
This the start of somethin big
Methink I knows ya gonna dig it
It's time to plant the seed
Hip-Hop's the tree and I'mma fig it
Figure it out, the mic, I'm rippin it like a ligament
Gimme a light a Bud Light, and shit'll get lit just like a cigarette
I'm a b-boy so don't test me,
many rappers don't impress me
You try steppin into my city I'll,
Snipe em like Wesley
So you best be on your way
I'm doper than Marion Berry
Wake up everyday and make-up rhymes but I'm not Mary Kay
Some say I'm dope as fuck, some label my rhymes incest
My flex is kinda Mean Joe, so hey kid, catch
These nuggets, these nuggets, these nugget ugget uggets
With some peas and a hole in the bucket (cool, cool)
Dear Liza, Minelli
I jam like jelly
and I got
Helly what, helly what, helly rhymes
I can remember times when for a 40 I had to beg for bucks
Nobody really gave a, so I had to beg for fucks
Now what do niggas do when they got not food
busta bust a rap
So I pick up the pen and then begin the thoughts to get to pumpin
Hopin like all the people let me talk, let me say somethin
Cause nothin for nothin leaves nothin, I got nuthin to lose
Dues gettin credited, now I debit my bank account
Not on a blind date, could I see me taken out
By some glutteus, glutteus, maximus, maximus
Spectacular, the papes I Count like Dracula
You can't cut the rug, because you suck, MC Vacumn Up
Rappers I stiff arm like Walter Payton
Their ain't no way or half-step
and flex a rhyme like a bicep
People Under the Stairs
Yo Com, come back with some Sense, UHH
I'm the cat, from the alley, from the back
Somewhat of a playwright, cause like a stage I got props
My crew's a strange brew, a drink a day'll keep the stink away
We been through AA, but hey, what can I say?
Say say say, what you want, but you'll pay the con-se-quences
Cause Mister Common Sense is (yeah)
Not gonna take it, so leave you better believe it
Even if your name ain't Ripley, cause Ripley don't know diddley
U-AYYY-C
I hit a skid, and I peel out like MC Eiht, damn I kill it
Earn my money the old fashioned way - I steal it
Stop thief in the temple,
Ringin around the collar
I'm the extra-terrestrial, rappers phone home
Them marks be callin', Ork, come in Ork, Nanu Nanu
The perfect stranger, comin in to a, fuck a new land
Cause Jeffrey where I was born
