[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Man, fuck these niggas!
I'mma spare everything but these niggas
I flip the gun and gun-butt these niggas
Take the knife off the AK and cut these niggas
And fuck these bitches!
I swear I care about everything but these bitches
I don’t care, I "so what?" these bitches
And I put Young Mula, baby, way above these bitches
If it ain’t broke, don’t break it
And if he ain’t shook, I’m gonna shake him
Hope I don’t look weak
Cause when a wolf cry wolf, you still see that wolf's teeth, muthafuckaa
Dumb rich, so icy they call me numb wrist
So icy it look like Sunkist,
all I want for Christmas is a young red fire bitch
[Hook: Lil Wayne]
And we don’t want no problems
Ok, you’re a goon; what's a goon to a goblin?
Yeah, and Kane on the beat
I fuck around and leave a nigga's brains on the street
Ughh, I pop that pussy
I bring her to my bedroom and pop that pussy
Uh huh, and we be steady mobbin'
Oh Kemosabe, big ballin' is my hobby

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
What the fuck is up? It’s Gucci Mane the G
Ask Tity Boi, no pity boy, this strap city the city boy
So icy, so no Nike boy, just Gucci, Louis, Prada, 'scuse me
"Gucci Mane keep shittin on me, why that boy keep buyin jewellery?"
East Atlanta cockin hammers
Bandannas on car antennas
No we do not talk to strangers
Just cut off these niggas' fingers
Gucci’s armed and dangerous, cocaine, codeine and angel dust
This AK-47 will hitchya everywhere from the ankle up
Gun same size as Nia Long, clip long as a Pringles can
.45 Desert Eagle on me, you’ll think I'm a Eagles fan
Toni Braxton sniper rifle, make you never breathe again
Fuck that nigga, kill that nigga, bring him back, kill him again (Gucci!)

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, the money is the motive
Fuck with the money, it get ugly as Coyote
Ok, I’m reloaded
Better pull it if you tote it
I buy a pound, break it down and put it in a stogie
Swagger so bright, I don’t even need light
I’m with a model broad, she don’t even eat rice
But would you believe that she eat dykes?
And she asked me for a pitcher, so I gave her 3 strikes
Yeah, I-I’m the man around this motherfucker
I’m so hot you probably catch a tan around this motherfucker
This rap game, I got my hand around this motherfucker
Yeah I said game, but I ain’t playing around this motherfucker
Yeah, I’m the best to ever do it, bitch
And you’re the best at never doing shit
If you the shit, then I am sewer-rich
Try me and I’ll have your people reading eulogies
I swear you can’t fuck with me
But I can fuck your girl and make her nut for me
Then slut for me, then kill for me, then steal for me
And of course it’ll be your cash
Then I'll murder that bitch and send her body back to your ass

[Hook]

[Verse 5: Lil Wayne]
Uh, man suck my clip
Swallow my bullets, and don’t you spit!
Uhh! I am the hip-hop socialist
Life is a gamble and I’m all about my poker chips
Do you want a dose of this?
I will make the most of this
'F' is for fer-o-cious
Murder your associates
The top is so appropriate
This is just where I belong
Keep a hard dick for your girlfriend to wobble on

[Hook]
