In December, the U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments in Elonis v. U.S.,
Elonis dates to 2010, when 27-year-old Anthony Elonis began posting violent messages to Facebook, often in rap lyric form, that were directed at his estranged wife and a female law enforcement officer.
caveats
Art is about pushing limits," he nevertheless was charged with multiple counts of communicating threats.
At trial, Elonis insisted that he merely was writing fictitious lyrics that were consistent with the conventions of rap music, at one point singling out rapper Eminem — himself well-known for hurling lyrical threats at his ex-wife—as one of his influences.
The jury didn't buy it. Elonis was found guilty and sentenced to 44 months in prison.
The Supreme Court took his case to settle a fairly narrow legal question involving "true threats" jurisprudence.
the expanding prosecution of rap music
As recent research has revealed, rap lyrics have been introduced as evidence of a defendant's criminal behavior in hundreds of cases nationwide, frequently leading to convictions that are based on prosecutors' blatant mischaracterizations of the genre.
Ignoring many of the elements that signal rap as form of artistic expression, such as rappers' use of stage names or their frequent use of metaphor and hyperbole, prosecutors will present rap as literal autobiography.
In effect, they ask jurors to suspend the distinction between author and narrator, reality and fiction, to secure guilty verdicts.
No other fictional form — musical, literary or cinematic — is used this way in the courts, a concerning double standard that research suggests is rooted, at least in part, in stereotypes about the people of color primarily associated with rap music,
as well as the misconception that hip-hop and the artists behind it are dangerous.
In fact, the history of hip-hop tells a very different story. In its formative years, for example, it was explicitly conceived by many as an alternative to the violent gang culture that consumed cities like New York.
Since then, it has offered countless young men and women opportunities to escape the poverty and violence in America's urban centers. As rapper Ice T once put it, "If I hadn't had a chance to rap, I'd either be dead or in jail."
It is true that hip-hop has been scarred by violence. Tupac Shakur and the Notorious B.I.G., for example, two of rap's most important and influential artists, were killed in the prime of their careers.
But for each instance of violence, there are countless examples of lives saved or made stronger.
The kids spending hours per day writing rap songs aren't a threat to society; they are often trying to escape the threats from society.
That story of hip-hop has been frustratingly difficult to tell, especially when the murder of Jordan Davis can be framed in the media as the "loud rap music" case
These problems are the "true threats" facing America today, not hip-hop.
Let's hope the justices on the Supreme Court understand that, too.
