Part 1. 0:00 to 10:00 - Releasing Coloring Book, making of "All We Got" & demo
Part 2. 10:00 to 20:47 - Faith, Francis And The Lights & working with Kanye
Part 3. 20:48 to 30:57 - "Waves" and "Nina Chop" demos & being independent
Part 4. 30:58 to 40:28 - "How Great" w/Jay Elec & "Juke Jam" w/Justin Bieber
Part 5. 40:29 to 50:01 - "All Night," "Smoke Break," Chicago & fatherhood
Part 6. 50:02 to 60:53 - His father, touring, "No Problem" & unreleased music
Part 1. 0:00 to 10:00
Surf
Coloring Book
Pharrell
the reviews are coming in left, right and centre and I don't know if you pay much attention to those things, if anyone's even given you a headline I mean they're universally acclaimed.
ZL: You seem really well, very healthy obviously there was some concern and you had to come out and say look I've been under the weather, you were hospitalised at one point, I think you said it was pneumonia, like what was that about?

CTR: I don't know, I just get really sick I think I need to like, just take better care of myself, I just, I try and push it as far as I can
Acid Rap
CTR: Yea, so it was kinda the same thing with Coloring Book it was just a little more stressful because of, I think the environment that we created in that studio because there were so many different people working on it and everybody was sleeping at the studio, we had all the inflatable beds there. It was like twenty people all living out of the studio space,
Kanye
All We Got
Good Ass Intro
Finish Line
Donnie Trumpet
Nate Fox
Grace Weber
Pablo
Nico's
Part 2. 10:00 to 20:47
Francis And The Lights
Bon Iver
Frank's
All We Got
Summer Friends
Same Drugs
How Great
How Great Is Our God
Peter
CTR: Yea, I mean since I, I think, I mean all of this music that came from me moving to Los Angeles was a catalyst, I moved out here at the beginning of 2014 and stayed here only for about four of five months but in that time, I felt like I was kind of losing my God a little bit you know.
Kirk Franklin
Fred Hammond
Byron Cage
Part 3. 20:48 - 30:57
Waves
Chance plays original version of "Waves"
Nina Chop
Chance plays original version of "Famous/Nina Chop"
Chance plays his original verse from "Nina Chop"
10 Day
Angels
Part 4. 30:58 to 40:28
Jay Electronica
How Great
What I really love about that as well is just talking from a total rap nerd's point of view for a second is that you almost chameleon-like adopt his flow for a minute in the beginning

CTR: Oh yea completely

ZL: Deliberately, you know to create a synergy. I love that. I was listening to it and was like "is that Jay Elec?" at first and you were like "da, ba-da, ba-da, ba-da" that sort of like tripping flow that he does.

CTR: What is it? I'm trying to remember like, oh "Candyman, Candyman, spit me a dream." What is it? "Blow a chunk of the levee out and spit me a stream." Yea so that's, yea, but no I'm probably - I mean, somebody could fight me for it - but I feel like I'm Jay Electronica's biggest fan.
ZL: He's really one of the greats and I think in many respects as frustrating as it is for us while we sit around and wait around for more music it just adds to that, you know

CTR: Well I think this was The Prestige, if anybody knows what I'm talking about I think, or at least the beginning of the third Act, like he's in that space of like, you know, he had a song that I used to love where he has the sample, it's like Elijah Muhammad where he talks about, like a king has to, has to leave the people and go away and wait til he can come back and manifest, it's written, his time.
ATL
Justin Bieber
Confident
Part 5. 40:29 to 50:01
Knox Fortune
All Night
Vice
Chiraq
Future
Smoke Break
Part 6. 50:02 to 60:53
CTR: I hope so, I'm proud of my dad like that's what, that's what's so funny is he says he's proud of me all the time
The Experiment
CTR: I think it's on the other end of it just because it's a stagnant thing. I want to build a building that people come in to like see, you know like an attraction? Like the world's biggest [?] that's on the road somewhere and people drive to go see that.
So number one, you mentioned something the other day when you were doing your Reddit questionnaire you mentioned about the Childish Gambino mixtape, is that ever gonna see the light of day?

CTR: Yea, I know for a fact that it's gonna come out by fall, I think
Donald
No Problem
2 Chainz
Lil Wayne
I think that it meant the most to me to have, you know, to have Wayne come on there and speak what he spoke
Ha Ha Davis
And I was like "yo, will you come with me just rock with me" and we went out and just hung out together and met people together and now he's one of my closest friends.
Grown Ass Kid
record leaked and it's online
Cam O'bi's
Good Ass Outro
Blessings
Big Sean
Jeremih
Cole
Summer Friends
