Yeah baby, hehe, yeah!
Back again (that's right) Luda! Ha ha ha ha (Feel this)
It gets meaner and meaner each time baby
Feelin real good too (holla at 'em man) What up Uncle 'Face! (Yeah)
I'm a bull in this industry man (tell 'em)
Some would rather run down and get one cow (nah)
I think I'd rather walk down and get 'em all
You know what I'm talkin 'bout right? Look
I'm never going nowhere so don't try me
My music sticks in fans' veins like an IV
Already offers on my 6th album from labels tryin to sign me
"Hi, Mr. O'Reilly!"
Hope all is well, kiss the plaintiff and the wifey
Drove through the window, the industry super sized me
Now the girls see me and a river's what they cry me
I'm on the rise, so many people despise me
Got party ammunition for those tryin to surprise me (surprise!)
Roll with the crew or meet the bottom of our Nikes (blaow!)
Explorer like Dora these swipers can't swipe me
My whole aura's so MEAN in my white tee
Nobody light-skinned did reppin harder since Ice-T
You disagree, take the Tyson approach and bite me!
Whoa! Don't slip up or get got! (Why not man?)
I'm comin' for that number one spot!
Rappers swearin' they on top!
Yes indeed, Ludacris I'm hotter than Nevada
If I get caught, bail out, po'-po' I tell 'em holla
In court I never show up, like Austin Powers fa-zha
Father, father, and hey I love gold
Jacuzzi's hot, Cristal is so cold
Neighbors catch contacts, from the blunts that I've rolled
A pig in a blanket, a smoke and a pancake
Drop albums non-stop once a year for my fans sake
shag now and shag later
til these women can't stand straight
The Luda-meister got 'em feelin so randy
I'm +XXL+ so I call 'em my +Eye Candy+
Brush my shoulder and I, pop my collar
Cause I'm worth a million ga-zillion fa-fillion dollars
Causin' lyrical disasters, it's the master
Make music for Mini-Me's, models and Fat Bastards
These women trying to get me out my Pelle Pelle
"Get in my belly!"
Stay on the track, hit the ground runnin like Flo-Jo
Sent back in time and I've never lost my mojo
Ludacris sent down to take over the whole world!
