My name is Cupid Valentino, the modern day Cupid
And I just want to say one thing
Happy Valentine's Day
Every day the 14th!
I don't think y'all heard me!
I just wanna say Happy Valentine's Day!
Every day the 14th!
Can y'all dig that?
Now when arrows don't penetrate, see
Cupid grabs the pistol (Uh, yeah, now, now lookie here!)
He shoots straight for your heart
And he won't miss you!
That's alright y'all won't believe in me anyways
[Hook: Joi & "Skreechy Peachy" (Cupid Valentino)]
Ya won't believe in me, but you would fancy
Leprechauns or groundhogs
No thank you, Easter Bunny
There's all this talk about Santa Claus, but see
Love will rule supreme
When Cupid knocks at your door
You can't ignore me!
Now I may have it all wrong, see
If you know what loves mean, well
Well, somebody tell me!
Now I know your hearts have grown cold
And that bothers me
Now I understand cause I use to be a bad boy in my day
I know you're trying to protect your lil' feelings
Hey! Don't you supposed to be some kind of player or something
Well keep on running player
Cause I got my good shoes on
And I got 'em tied up tight
So you going to find out tonight!
[Verse 4: Andre 3000]
Got a sweet lil' darling back in my corner
Below I know I love her but act like I don't want her
Surrounded by the lovely but yet feel like a loner
Could be an organ donor the way I give up my heart
But never know because shit, I never tell her
Ask me how I'm feeling, I'd holla that it's irrela'
I don't get myself caught up in the Jello jella'
And pudding pops, that others opt to call falling in love
But for the record, have you ever rode a horse?
Like for you to send me to Pluto, I said, "Of course!"
But if you ain't a sweety, indeedy I won't endorse
Han Solo 'til I'm hit by the bullet so may the force be with you
And I'll hit you when better time permits
For now show me samples, examples of why you're the shit
But how am I to know with the profession that I'm in?
And if you do not know me then how could you be my friend?
Happy Valentine's
Happy Valentine's
Happy Valentine's Day
Happy Valentine's Day (x3)

Happy Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's Day
Fuck that Valentine's Day

Fuck that Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's Day
Fuck that Valentine's Day
Fuck that Valentine's Day (x3)
