You know it's that high guy, from East P.I
Spittin the realness of reality, you mad at me
Boi how you gonna handle me?
You want me to lolligag and talk that bullshit?
I refuse to play so I'm gon' speak that Southern good shit
That harder than yo' hood shit, lil' shit
That make y'all niggas think about the trigger
Before you pull it, on liquor stores and banks
we the niggas
That did that "Ain't No Thang But a Chicken Wang"
We OutKast til it's over, barbecue and never mildew
For real bro
"In tonight's news, 20th century technology:
Has the computer age, scientists, and doctors gone too far?
Einstein or Frankenstein?
Dr. Scholl's, or Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
Are we digging into new ground
Or digging our own graves? Story at 11"
Conceived under the influence of toxic wasted doctors
Computer buggin debuggin device-a and vice versa
And various viruses
Performing with laser light precision and verbal incision
For a lingustic ballistic lobotomy
Mind-fuckin you, a psycho-sodomy
Of the medula oblongata
Exit your mind down your spine and out your behind
Fuck you
[Verse 3: André 3000]
Synthesizer, microwave me
Give me a drug so I can make seven babies
Pump my breasts up, can you suck the fat up
Please make my life appear
Like ain't no such thing as bad luck
My nose ain't right, think I need a new one
Just take your pick, a yellow, red, a black, or a blue one
Synthesizer preachers can reach you up in the pulpit
Who a bitch?
Give me my gat so I can smoke this nigga
Tell his mamma not to cry
Because they can clone him quicker
Than it took his daddy to make him
Niggas bitin verbatim
Marijuana illegal but cigarettes cool
Now if you wanna synthesize I emp-athize
Now if you wanna synthesize I emp-athize
But if you synthesize I will understand
You'll synthesize a man
Ghetto boy horny tonight
SCSI with a booty in a cage
Cybersexy Wendy web walking in the nude (synthesizer)
Digital good time, digital good time
Said she'd lapdance on your laptop
While your laptop's in your lap
Cybersexy Wendy web walkin in the nude
Digital good time, digital good time
Said she'd lapdance on your laptop
While your laptop's in your lap
Digital good time, digital good time
Digital good time, digital good time
Cybersexy Wendy web walkin in the nude
Digital good time, digital good time
Digital good time, digital good time
Fuzzy logic, it's groovy..
