Here's another one!
And a - and another one
Yeek yeek! (Woop woop!) why you all in my ear?!
Talking a whole bunch of shit that I ain't trying to hear!
Get back motherfucker, you don't know me like that!
(Get back motherfucker You don't know me like that)
Yeek yeek woop woop!! I ain't playing around!
Make one false move I'll take ya down
Get back muhfucker! You don't know me like that!
(Get back muhfucker!! You don't know me like that!!)
Family off the street! made my homies put the baggies back
Still stacking plaques!
still action packed!
And dough!! I keep it flipping like acrobats!
That's why I pack a mac
that'll crack 'em back
Cause on my waist there's more Heat than the Shaq Attack
But I ain't speaking about ballin, ballin
Just thinking about brawlin till y'all start bawlin
We all in together now, birds of a feather now
Just bought a plane so we changing the weather now
So put your brakes on, caps put your capes on
Or knock off your block, get dropped and have your face flown
Cause I'll prove it! scratch off the music!
Like hey little stupid! don't make me lose it!!
I came (I came) I saw (I saw)
I hit 'em right dead in the jaw (in the jaw)
See I caught 'em wit a right hook, caught 'em wit a jab
Caught 'em wit an uppercut, kicked 'em in his ass
Sent him on his way cause I ain't for that talk!
No trips to the county, I ain't for that walk!
We split like two pins at the end of a lane
We'll knock out your spotlight and put an end to your vain
HEY! You want what wit me?!
I'm a tell you one time, don't FUCK wit me!
I'm a tell you one time, don't FUCK wit me!
I want to have a good time and enjoy my Jack
Sit back and watch the women get drunk as hell
So I can wake up in the morning wit a story to tell
I know it's been a lil while since I been out the house!
But now I'm here, you wanna stand around running your mouth?!
Can't you see we in the club?! Man shut the fuck up!!
[Outro]
Ah! We in the Red Light District!!
Ah! We in the Red Light District!!
WHOO!! We in the Red Light District!!
Ah! We in the Red Light District!!
WHOO!! We in the Red Light District!!
WHOO!! The Red Light District!!
WHOO!! The Red Light District!!
Ah, we in The Red Light District
