[Karma]
You better believe it is baby
Now go in the other room
It's about to be some grown folks talkin here, okay?
All right
Yeah, things ain't always what they seem or cracked up to be (okay)
Like all these fakin ass rappers in this industry (tell 'em!)
Talkin 'bout what they got and they ain't got a damn thang
How you own three cars but you don't own your own name?
Get your business right boys,
the first class is in session
Get a entertainment lawyer in the music profession
Start up your own company, trademark the name
That's gon' run ya about a grand so start savin your change (DTP!)
Open a bank account quick and then follow these steps (uh-huh)
Sign yourself TO yourself and start signin ya own checks
Hit the booth and start recordin at the speed and need
Whatever gets your juices flowin, could be speed or weed (what else?)
Get it mixed and mastered (hey) pressed up and plastered (okay)
Sell it to your whole hood out the trunk, ya bastard!
Show all the non-believers what you destined to be (hey!)
And in just a couple years you could be rich like me!
But I can't hold my tongue - I'mma tell it like it is
This biz ain't all fun - I'mma tell it like it is
Give it to you straight, no chase - I'mma tell it like it is
Look you straight in yo' face and I'mma tell it like it is
I can't hold my tongue - I'mma tell it like it is
This biz ain't all fun - I'mma tell it like it is
Give it to you straight, no chase - I'mma tell it like it is
Look you straight in yo' face and I'mma tell it like it is
See mostly all your favorite artists got some serious problems (yup)
Their money could be the problem but money can't solve 'em (nope)
Some get addicted to drugs and flat out lazy (woo)
Some taste a little fame and go flat out crazy (woo!)
I'm close cause those close wanna live off my fame (yup)
And that type of shit ALONE'll drive a nigga insane (crazy!)
Not to mention all the vultures
the scandalous promoters
Crabs'll try to sue you
magazines'll misquote ya
Most of these label heads, they don't care nothin about ya (nah)
If you stop sellin records they'll act like they don't know ya
Rappers ain't above the law but our life is so fast
That we got a special task force of police on our ass (true that)
All that, and this is really just the start of it (just the start of it)
Hip-Hop! You really wanna be a part of it?
What's worse than havin no money is havin it and losin it
What's worse than havin some money is grabbin and abusin it
We never took no money from Chingy, thought I was cool with him (nah)
I wish his ass well but I don't want NOTHIN to do with him
Some don't own they publishin; me? I never fool with 'em
Cause outside my label competition is irrelevant (DTP!)
Unless I'm still in competition with my president (what up Jay?)
Cause the industry's shady, it needs to be taken over (okay!)
Is don't trust nobody but your GOD damned self!
