Yeeee-ah, buddy! (Wooo!) But, it fit right now (Ah yeah, I know right?), Gawd damn!
Man, FUCK them niggas!
Whoever they said they was, it don't even matta partna! (Yeah, fuck 'em!)
This the way we do, nigga (Ah huh!) The A in the buildin'!
It's whatever, they know where to find me at (Hmmm-hmmm!)
They know what's up (Right!), it's strictly business
Beef, drawma, whateva you wanna cawl it, nigga
Fuck 'em, we ball!
Yeah, anything you wanna do, I'm ready to do it my nigga, just say so (Say so!)
Don't say it on the record with your chest, leave the booth and then go lay low (Hey guys, I'm going home...)
Hiding behind your security detail, actin' like a female
I done sold over twenty million records, I could really give a fuck about retail
(History's been made!)
Now back to basics (Basses!), back to Adidas with the fat laces (What up Rev Run!?)
Back to the Ac,' where I'm riding to the track, in the Jack
Get it straight, nigga, no chasers
Age ain't nothing but a number, Luda rapping like, he just turned twenty-four (Happy Birthday!)
Any rapper wanna forget who I am, every now and then I see I gotta let em know (KNOOOOOOOOW!)
Oh, must I remind you?
You rap like, something behind you (Boo!)
Got paid, but your heart pump Kool Aid (YEA-UH!), Cover Girl make up should have signed you (Hahahaha!)
But it's never too late, (NOPE!)
fifteen years nigga, never too great (NAH!)
Four years off getting Hollywood checks, but you niggas want beef and you looking like steak
I see that liquor got you loose (Got you loose!)
When you see me, nigga, say it like you said it in the booth
I'll make you niggas lose a tooth (Lose it, too!)
When you see me, nigga, say it like you said it in the booth
Fuck y'all niggas, I'm the truth (I'm the truth!)
When you see me, nigga, say it like you said it in the booth
Now I'm like, fuck calling a truce (Truce!)
When you see me, nigga, say it like you said it in the booth
Hol' up, never fuck with a nigga who got some kids
Cause when you talk about me, then you talk about them
Then I gotta come where you live (On the way, nigga!)
You takin' food out they mouth, now I gotta put a fist in yours
I don't play about my hustle, a nigga got all these acres
All my neighbors think I'm flipping them birds (Whooo!)
Naw, but I be flipping these words (YEA-UH!)
Anything you hear me saying I could back up (Back up!)
And you talk so tough on the mic
But whenever you in sight, nigga, something don't add up (Don't add up!)
Put your money where your mouth is (Yeah!), wait, put a gat where your blouse is
You think it's funny, cause it's sunny where your house is
Bitch, I'll put my muddy ass boots where your couch is
(Fuck yo couch!)
I live this shit, you know you do this just for show, nigga (Deja Vu!)
You act as if Ludacris just came and took your ho, nigga (Really!?)
You's a ho nigga (Whispers "Ho nigga"), yeah I said it twice
Let this be warning number two, motherfucker go and roll the dice
I see that liquor got you loose (Got you loose!)
When you see me, nigga, say it like you said it in the booth
I'll make you niggas lose a tooth (Lose it, too!)
When you see me, nigga, say it like you said it in the booth
Fuck y'all niggas, I'm the truth (I'm the truth!)
When you see me, nigga, say it like you said it in the booth
Now I'm like, fuck calling a truce (Truce!)
When you see me, nigga, say it like you said it in the booth
