[Verse 1]
Quiet as a kitten
Reply as silent as a Raphael-given instrument for stickin'
Or maybe riot as a lion
Would he tie in tiger for attention?
Tiggers and Poohs,
niggas and jews
Mr. Opulent Christopher Robinson too
Reversal like
When that predetermined term expires on a turtle's knife
What of Korea, are you scared?
Or is something not there,
like a Welsh rabbit full of hares
Animal farms and
imaginary bears
The body is a house like a kangaroo pouch
Or an oyster-hoisted cow over crescent moons as it looms low in the night sky
Platoons of coons stand ready for the drive-by
Steady as the medley booms from the Akai
Affirm as in "Aye aye"
Like it the second
Like a junior, like a third, like a eye
Like a observe from the view of a bird as it fly high
Sitting heavy like spaghetti in the belly of a wise guy
Who let these G's out the PI_STY?
Seems they taking cues from The Wire
Okay decorum,
and keeping you from wanting to buy it
But you still buy it like you never left its sight
And like a slow gunfighter gun: unfired
Cow dung walls,
hermit crabs in the mall,
sting ray from the stars
and barnyard laws
These are
Hey hey, just cause I got thumbs, that don't mean everybody is dumb, huh huh?
Just cause I got one, that don't mean that they not dumb, what what?
Quiet as a mouse in the House of God
In the jaws, like tyrants
in the mouths of mobs
Ripping it to pieces like a picture and a preacher
If a cricket was a speaker, it's its own chicken bones on the garbage can top
Ugly mother freakers is predator, opposite, on top of it, to make it fox
So if similar appeal,
administer the seal to make it real
Elephantine but never mind
Half-ton gorillas in a midst, they'll never find
Hungry as a hippopotamus,
gobble it 'til your bottom and your body is as wobbly as Skrillex
Eeyores and Piglets,
blind bats nailing tails to a riblet
Time only limited(ed) if you make it
Blind rat's nails hold tales of Unseeing Eye selves
Out is out, so they only seeing thy shells
Ghost Dog
Hey they not dumb
I ain't smart just cause I got thumbs
That don't mean I'm better cause they got none, say what, say what say what?
The butcher says to the bovines
You're all just pastrami when it's showtime
Cowboy co-signs,
Own worst enemies
Chop down the trees, we need the axe handles
Like a heel in a sandal saying "hell no"
Or you trapped like the yells of a nail in the shell-toe
Clever as a fishbowl on a sailboat
Landlocked as a ham hock on a railroad
Sandbox by the swimming pool
Two times as clever as a fishing school
Pills for the pressure
Broken seals on the pills for the pleasure
If you feeling ill, whatever
Tickle 'em with your articulated thumb
A tapeworm will never play the drums, but um
That don't mean I'm smart cause they got none
Am I not an animal cause I got thumbs?
That don't make me smart cause they got none, say what?
Am I not an animal cause I got thumbs, say what?
Say what, say what?
