Dis nigga, like he's so exclusive
Sometimes dreams, peace of paper I got reams
Where the D go?, Put that on a rose now you
Pronounce it hero, you see?
Lu see like La Brea & Pico,
with binoculars on my peephole
I feel my best work was album zero
Now with Deniro its boo boo in my backyard and
Ben burnt down my gazebo that dinero's a casino
Wit spit in the sandwich of the police though
They ain't see the steel plate up under my seat though
Still play it like Shaquille but I can free throw
I ain't playing but I compete, I ain't a player but I'm complete
And that's the win win a mason mind can't sign if the pen's Templar
Night vision on white linen is still green
Peace of Paper I got reams, make it rain
To make em smile, now rake it into piles
And go buy ya self some style, prom night/cat walk
Prepared the suit for weeks, or effortless as a Parisian
Walking down the street, I ain't in it
I'm just walking round some beats
Tongue in cheek, just talking round some teeth
Neighborhood watching
Made of good options, mastermind times
Neighborhood hoodie take the hood shopping
Back track to the stolen plates
What's a closed wallet to an open safe
Say your grace
Peace of Paper/Cup of Jayzus
what we writing?
These ain't entendres these are secret indictments
Litte secret excitements
For willing minds I'm feeling fine
Balling hard and killing rhymes
Knocking off bigs and stealing shines
Hey shawty is it a crime?
To DMV everytime until I give em license
They waiting on lines
Peace of Paper I'm Kerry James
Commissions fly as the Constitution as a plane
Peace of Paper Cup of JAYZUS what we doing?
Pizza Lasers/ Cup of Razors
What you choosing?
Choosy mothers choose the smoothest peanut butters
And more cognizant fathers do George Washington Carver
A break from the paper it means do you identify more
With what's being made or the maker?
I'm what's being chased
I'm not the chaser
Check it, now paper make a plane & paper make it rain
But how fly is paper plane in the rain?
I'm fly paper on the brain
This and two-ply paper just ain't the same
I do do it for the bottom
In the air is where I stop em
I threw words like 2 birds, that's Batman and Robin
To answer all your hunches that's just how I throw my punches
We must somehow become a family that's why I throw 'em in bunches
Mushroom clouds
or on the flo' with the fungus
If you look em up and down
From the foot to where he put his crown
The slow Pan to understand is Shaq on the shoulders of Yao
Over and over for miles
Peace of Paper, Cup of JAYZUS made a movie
Thank God on Friday, then buy a ruby on Tuesday
A couple beats from Jay, a couple beats from Ye
& make Food for thought, that's a restaurant in a day!
It would behoove thee
The critics say that I fell off I acknowledge I slipped
But what do you call falling from space into a bottomless pit?
And not pit like how Lui Kang can knock Baraka off with a hit
Knock it off for a bit
What would be really funny if I blew up after Drizzy
And started from the bottomless back to the topless like a watcher of Strips
bout it, bout it
Don't let ya inner fears result in a outer coward
From baby showers to 80 flowers upon my coffin roof
The upper class glass is not filled up with the coughing proof
Be more P and step ya Yessirs Up
P-O-P! Jayzus a cup of Courage,
I can't can't
Thats double negative it's 2 earls
They really nice but they'll never touch the cup its like I gave it to two girls
This my odd future out in front Supreme shop
Fly as Rick Ross at a Wing Stop
Thought Kick Push was about drugs
It's not but just to be super sure
But from your perspective it might seem
Like Supreme out in front of Odd Future Store
So that skaters and skiers
Nose grinders and grinding up
Nose powders with ether
Not an Earl diss either
but he might think it be and be like
"Lu's new should be Mr.Pure 2positive Shakur
and 2 be sure he's
Not that really nice,
That 2 girls and cup line sucked
It really means he gave himself a cup twice"
You just witnessed a double, a probable Odd Future diss in the future
And me ghostwriting my own rebuttals
You can't do that with a single cup
You gone need a couple, again you got a double
Got my shot on the rocks, but don't stop, keep pouring til it's a puddle
Peace of Paper, Peace of Paper Cup of JAYZUS what's the drive?
Greatest Rapper Alive or Greatest Rapper That Died?
Then on judgement day they say the greatest rapper's revived
Oh look who's here the greatest rapper's arrived!!
At the birthday party the greatest rapper surprised!!!
Bumped into Doom the greatest rappers collide
Everybody dead but AZ the greatest rapper survived
I'm not the greatest rapper... the greatest rappers' a lie
Got the same points as Lux the greatest rappers a tie
Told Jean, Foxy, & Rah the greatest rapper's a girl
They said the greatest rapper's a guy
Phone rang it was Ghost he said "Kiss the greatest rapper... Goodbye!"
Chris said Common, Common said Kweli, Talib said I'm sure it's Mos Definitely!!
Smack might have the greatest but now I'm just playing favorites
Playing flavored to be reminiscent of Miles on smack playing faded
Peace of.... these niggas is nice
Knees like these niggas aight
Shins like listen to them, ankles like shins making sense
Feet like why you running behind these niggas
They still trying to step inside ya prints
Bear trap rap don't step inside the clinch
Where da at? Don't jeopardize a better stride for limps
I exercise at length so electrify the fence
Let me inside the danger room on level 5 with the weaponized defense
With an extra side of the next guy's petty exercise attempts
The ghost of my career, better than most of what they revere
I take my targets and throw them back on my spear
I'm outta here
Drogas
Shaka Zulu
