I see, diamond flooded demons, Lamborghini angels
Halos down with the doors flapping when they came through
Windows up, system bumping, you the one they sang to
Same two, who said they the ones you should send your thanks through
You can hear them revving/reverend up in heaven now, can't you?
Sandals made of chrome,
his soul made of leather
An engine full of sinning and
candy painted feathers
The sound of the motor only revving/reverend you confess to
I see this all in the eyes of the girl I'm next to
I asked her "Where we going?" and she just told me "Pleasure"
Hands on the wheel and her heels
on the acceler-
-rator
told her wait up, she kept going like et cetera
Or like a broken record, we've come too far to just wheel it back selector
So we going ride forever, forever, forever, forever, forever
It's that Dirty Money...
Came from heaven just to sing a song for you...
To the rhythm of my love for you, and now it's beatin slow
And you know, this the ennnnd of the road
When I sing that slow song for you...
And love was nothin but another gun for you ('nother gun for you..)
And I would hide it in my helpless soul
I'm not afraid to go down the road where we go
You!
If you don't wanna stay you can go, oh
It seems love don't live here no more
The angels are flyin so loooow, singin to you
(Don't you hear me callin you?)
He's the one you love... (cause I hear 'em callin me...)
And he's the one you trust... (...like our time is almost through)
Time is runnin out (There's nothin left to do)
When they're callin you...
When the angels call like.. (I answeeeeer)
Uh, said she was a fan of mine
Knew she was New Jersey, but said that she was Anaheim
Butterflies turn to suicides, now it's phantoms flying
Used to whisper in my ear, but now she trying to Vander mine
That holy feeling/Holyfield all gone, slowly feeling all wrong
None of this is satisfying, pull it over, let me out
I'll just hitchhike back to mine
Nothing's really as it seems, yeah I should of known that
Thought I called a angel, devils had my phones tapped
