It's the questions (what..) it's the questions boy
It's the questions (What?) it's the questions c'mon
The questions (WHAT?) it's the questions boy
It's the questions (hah) it's the questions yeah
Talkin bout the questions, it's the questions y'all
It's the questions (what?) it's the questions, dig it
The questions (why?) it's the questions boy
It's the questions (huh?) that's what it's all about
What is an emcee if the wall ain't got no back?
(I don't know, yo, he must be kinda wack)
What is paper to a nigga if the nigga don't stack?
(Yo, why the hell you askin me that?)
Why do these girls, look so good in the summer?
If you got ta-dat-ta-dat-tap for your lady wouldja wanna?
(Hmmm.. yeah, right)
Cause you answer the phone "peace" do that mean that you not a freak?
(Hell no! That's right)
Cause you recognize me-e-e-e-e, yo, I got to speak?
(Why can't you speak? What you big a star now?)
Why you got-ta, act like, nigga, all the time
(Even on SUNDAY's you should..)
Is a nigga yo' complexion, is it all in your mind?
(It's all your mind..)
Yo, if I'm a intellectual-al, I can't be sexual?
(I don't know, you wanna be sexual??)
If I want to uhh tah uhh does that mean I lack respect for you?
(I don't know you tell me..)
Youse a grown man, why fuck that young girl, are you lustin?
If you got paper like that, then why you still hustlin?
(Why you still hustlin? C'mon!)
Why ya wanna go and do that love huh?
Yo why your girl gi-giddy when my name come up?
{*female giggling*}
How come the industry build careers that don't last?
How come niggas don't know but they front and don't ask?
(Mmmmhmmm) Man I don't know, I don't know
Cause to never say never you done said never twice
Why do I need I.D. to get I.D.?
(I don't know, beats me.. beats me)
If I had I.D. I wouldn't need I.D
(Hahahahah, that's right - that's true)
Why do these fine ghetto women got so much ass?
(Why'd you talkin about our ass though? C'mon now)
Dr. J
How you got high expectations but got low patience?
How come this joint named "The Questions" is so John Blazin'?
(Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh) Man I don't know, I don't know
