Yeah! It's been a long time comin'
You know what they say Kanye
Slow motion better than no motion
I walked in the crib, got two kids
And my baby mama late (uh oh! uh oh! uh oh!)
So I had to did, what I had to did
Cause I had to get (duh-ough! duh-ough! duh-ough!)
I'm up all night, getting my money right
Until the blue and whites (po po! po po! po po!)
Now the money comin' slow, but a least a nigga know
Slow motion better than (no-oh! no-oh! no-oh!)
You love to hear the story, again and again
About these young brothers,
from the City of Wind
Like juice and gin, in the city we blend
Amongst the hustle, titties and skin, fifties and rims
Y'all know the Sprewells and trucks that's detailed
Heartless females that wanna ride in 'em
Felt the Southside venom in raw hides and denim
Pimp minds collide with 'em,
a system that tries victims
On the block white is selling like Eminem
On the block it jump off like Kim and 'em
Shorties get the game but no instructions to assemblin'
He tryin' to stay straight, the streets is bendin' him
It's all good in the hood, like raps and gems
Throwbacks and Timbs, blacks and rims
Whether on ball courts, attires of all sorts
We never fall short, with us it's all Force like Air 1's
Some waves, some air guns, the days of the fair one is over for
Cats is colder than four below
with self I go toe to toe
Wondering if it's for the art or for the dough
Though I know to grow a nigga gotta learn to let go
Though I know the dough I got to bring back to the ghetto
Po' livin' in more prisons, pointin' to my mind, shine the light up
Clench my fists tight, holdin' the right up
Freedom fight in dark gear for the years to get brighter
Situations, and jaws get tighter
My man trying to get his weight and height up, c'mon
If I could just swallow my pride
But I can't run away or put my gun away
[Verse 3]
I break bread with thieves and pastors, OG's and masters
Emcees and actors that seize and capture
Moments like the camcorder
You ain't killin' it, yo that's manslaughter
Though paper can't change a man's aura
It can feed a man's daughter
I stand for the blue collar, on the side makin' a few dollars
Like Sam Jack they maneuver through drama
