Salam aleikum
What up Chi-Town,
what up Westside
What up everywhere else in the world
President Carter what up
Dear Fall! You might not know what my album is called
Its Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor
God willing September when I plan to fall, I mean drop like the temperature
Then rock on right through the winter
Put something on they mind, give em lines to remember
Aw! a lifetime remember which is mine
Then recorded, put it in Georges then rewind then look into
My mis-adventures... adventures into the Underworld
This ain't my enter naw on Arista I coulda been a contender
But BMG had a different agenda
What up LA Reid? I still see ya
You still my homeboy won't even charge ya for a feature
Astaghfirullah I'm not a prophet but Fahrenheit 1/15 is being quoted by preachers
Far from being a leader but I'm still being invited by teachers
Wit no Hennessey and no reefer
Give em a hand I came from hand-me-down sneakers
And I don't wanna boast or brag
But for what most niggas hope... a nigga done had
Chop game wit my Folk and split it in half
"You ain't gotta bring it back tomorrow" a nigga can have
Rich or broke... a nigga ain't mad
Self-esteem will make a Regal ride like a Silver Seraph
Just wipe the french fries off the seat lean back and I tilt my hat
And nod my head to the baseline
Free base to the 8 times at +Baseline+ watching Jay put it together
I wonder if he knew while he was mumbling this would push Lupe forever
Together... with the F-n-F crew
Atlantic on post proudly present to you
Some new,something fresh, something different
A lil to the left, a lil upliftin'
A lil good game, a lil hustlin'
Some SB Nikes
some nice crushed linen
Don't forget the skateboard
of course the nice women
Can I get a mic check a lil light dimming
And a fresh bottle of Voss, maybe with some light lemon
And you gotta blame my momma for the lil lightskinning
And this ain't written I swear Autumn
I was just recording em... as I thought em
A Y.G. F-n-F U.P
23 year old V.P. wit a flow like Laudanum
That'll getcha sleepy but soon as they nod off that when I smell it's Autumn
What up Madison Street... how they gonna keep us off them?... PEEEEACE
