While throughout history White Supremacy it must be admitted you have achieved some very dominant positions.
These positions have been gained mostly through force or some biological agent such as disease that did a lot of the dirty work for you in advance. I mean and anybody can use force on an unarmed populous and anybody can have smallpox
Not judging, just wanted to point out that having a disease that native folks aren't immune to because they've never seen it doesn't make you strategically smart or tactically superior, just kind of sick.
And these dominant positions don't really stand up to the test of time that long either.
There is nothing about you biologically or physically that denotes an innate mode of supremacy. For that matter there is also nothing about you psychologically, philosophically, cognitively, academically, socially, architecturally, culturally or even financially that signifies a higher position above any other group.
And to be diplomatic there is nothing about you that denotes innate inferiority as well. So what you really are is something in the middle. You are regular. White Regularity is congruent to all other forms of regularity i.e. Black, Brown, Etc etc. But in regularity there is room for differences and this is where White Regularity shines! Each group gets the same essential universals. Dance, food, music, etc. and it must be admitted that the White Regularity take on these universal institutions has been unbelievably impressive and a great addition to the total world culture
I mean spaghetti and meatballs, Romeo & Juliet, Coldplay, The Tuxedo, lighter than air travel are all world class additions to the collective bucket
And if we really wanted to get analytical every invention is built on inspiration from a previously existing invention
Things are created in collaboration and in tandem with other cultures, knowledge structures and movements and more important, People. I mean if those Muslims didn't catalog all that Greek philosophy for research we might not even know who Plato was
We are supreme as a spectrum of colors in collaboration. One color does not dominate the other nor can it. Sure Steve Jobs was white. But the guy who built the computer was probably Chinese. And the girl who wrote the programs for the computer is probably from Mumbai. And the raw materials that were used to make it where probably first pulled out of the ground by somebody in South Africa.
Here's the bad news, ain't no top. Here's the good news though, ain't no bottom neither!
It's just the regular ole middle where nobody is safe from being influenced by somebody else's extreme regularness.
Did you know the swastika is officially from Asia and the subcontinent?
Did you know black people had slaves in Africa too?
Did you know in the world your considered a minority too?
I mean you call us niggers and beaners but you gotta ship all your former Native American land backwood sourced ginseng to China to get money to support your meth habit
And if you wanted to get really ironic and meta about it, White Supremacy has to validate it's on identity based solely on its relationship to other races! I mean now that's what I would call joined at the hip. Without us there is no white supremacy because there would be nothing to supreme over! That sounds so stupid but sometimes the truth is stupid.
Stupid like a fox. And no not stupid like a Fox News I mean the real fox. The animal.
Yellowstone finally decides to blow up!
