[Acapella Intro]
Mm mm mm
Doo doo doo da da da dum dum beh
Oh, eh, oh
Lost all of our woe
We lost all of our whoa-oh, sad love songs
Hey centipede, centipede, centipede, centipede, centipede...
Oh, eh, oh
Lost all of our woe
We lost all of our whoa-oh, sad love songs
Hey centipede, centipede, centipede...
'Bino, will you be my baby daddy, yup
I'm too fresh, man, the world ain't never had me, yup
I'm too fresh, man, y'all ain't never gave me that
Stone Mountain, ain't no doubting, and these niggas won't hold me back
They wasn't hating him anyway
My roommate exercise, man, he moving that heavyweight
My girl ain't down to ride, couldn't deal with my day to day
I'm at my Grandma's house, man, like I don't know what to say
Maybe "I'm sorry" but sorry don't pay the rent
I promise to pay you back and I don't know where he at
But tell him he missing out,
his grandson is cool as fuck
And tell me who be standing when them other ones giving up?
Let's keep it spontaneous, I don't need that rehearsal
More flow, man, than Progressive commercials
Get with the program, cause the plus loan ain't putting us on
I got month long before I take the bus home
Oh, eh, oh
Lost all of our woe
We lost all of our whoa-oh, sad love songs
Hey centipede, centipede, centipede...
I know this music shit ain't shit
And all these random niggas in my house make you anxious
And I ain't never told you that our love would be painless
But I was so in love with you I thought we could make it
Damn, I wasn't in it,
damn, we wasn't finished
Damn, I got us tickets, damn, we went to Venice
Prioritize on our lives and made you into a business
That's why you wasn't surprised when I had made my decision
Gotta make it, cos if not I'm a failure,
my wallet Azalea
And my brother still moving, ain't no shit I can tell him
Trying to keep him out of trouble, but the cops is wilding
It's nice to have a felon when the boys get violent
The Mexicans tried to jump me at the club
Funny thing was I thought they were stepping to show me love
Grandma's couch, my biggest fear and fantasy
When I ain't in her arms all I'm making is enemies
Here I'm screaming obscenities at a nigga
Wanted to live bigger than me
Them Edenwald projects was eatin' our concept
Of anyone walking out, what is you talking about?
Gun Hill Road made them summers feel cold
On the same train that my parents met on
Twenty years later and my thoughts still ghetto
High off of pressure, man, that's a stiletto
Got your own couch now but you don't feel better
Oh, eh, oh
Lost all of our woe
We lost all of our whoa-oh, sad love songs
Hey centipede, centipede, centipede...
Cause if not, I'm a failure
Cause if not, I'm a failure
Cause if not, I'm a failure
[Outro]
"It's not an unholy nigga, it's a Arab nigga in the store. You know what he want? Money, nigga.
You know what your bitch want, you know why they feel they can't fuck with you? Cause you don't have no money, my nigga. Bitches do not want a nigga with no money.
Did you not learn this in Harlem? Lesson number one. You can't keep saying you a Harlem nigga and you don't want that skrilla, nigga. Come on B, it's home of the hustlers, nigga. Nigga, that's all you gotta understand. It's the hood nigga. It's make guap or die, nigga."
Money is not evil, nigga.
Go tell them niggas in Polo you don't wanna make no money, nigga. What they gon' say, "Oh, he right"? Hell no, nigga
You think niggas like selling crack and shit nigga? You think niggas like putting crack in they ass nigga, and selling cracks out they ass? You think niggas like shooting niggas, my nigga? You think niggas like tucking packs? You think niggas like baggin up?
You know how boring baggin' up is, my nigga? It's so boring, my nigga.
There is no underground, Joe Budden is on his fourth mixtape selling shit.
The underground is Koch, nigga. There is no underground nigga.
You don't see Raekwon or none of these niggas on the block. There's no more block, nigga, it's over for the block.
You ask any nigga on the block, do they wanna be on the block? They gon' say no, nigga. Get your money, man. Stop trying to be gooned out
"Hood niggas don't want to be hood niggas, my nigga.
Everything niggas do, everything niggas do in the hood is for money, my nigga. What's one thing that niggas do in the hood that ain't for money?
What bitch would want a nigga with no money? Huh? Huh!? Yo, slime! It's your time."
