unknown GIRL
WOMAN (V.O)
Hello, who's this?
DONALD
(a beat)
You called me
This is the Callifax Collection Company. Who am I speaking with?
DONALD
I know who you're looking for; he's not here
WOMAN(V.O)
Do you know where he can be reached?
DONALD
What month is it?

WOMAN (V.O.)
Uh, it is June I believe
DONALD
Then he's probably in the Northern Hemisphere somewhere
DONALD fixes himself some cereal and grabs a bottle of San Pelligrino out of the fridge
Fam was just yelling, "Yo, this is Connect Four, not chess"
STEFAN throws up on the floor
and the two girls stop talking and look at him
FAM
Your girl
Your girl
Swank
Anybody coming in today?
FAM
I don't know. Eighty Five might roll through
An airplane flies overhead
FAM
It's like that weird Bill Cosby episode where-
DONALD
--With the Muppets?
FAM
He gave birth to sandwiches
DONALD
--Sandwiches and an orange soda, yeah
DONALD
That's like...what’s the one with Arnold Schwarzenegger?
FAM
Oh yeah, with Danny Devito?
DONALD
Nah, that's "Twins"
FAM
Classics, regardless
DONALD
The one with the guy where he's pregnant
FAM
"Baby Mama"?
DONALD
Nah, man. It's called uh...fuck!
FAM
"Kindergarten Cop" with Gary Coleman?
DONALD
"Junior."
FAM
"Junior." That's really good
DONALD walks up to a Buddha statue and lights incense,
and then inhales from his Pax vaporizer
LUDWIG
are sitting and making beats.
Donald is playing with his Pax
humming
DONALD plays said beat.
They both begin nodding their heads to it
Cause no one raps over that
GIRL
Your brother wants you
DONALD
Do you know her?
LUDWIG shakes his head
DONALD dribbles a basketball up the stairs into STEVE's room, and throws the ball downstairs once he
SWANK
MISLA
In real life
Listen, I am a woman. I am in locker rooms, in like gyms, whatever. I see naked women all the time
searching for naked women and I'm here now and that's all I do
MISLA
It's not an accident for me either
DONALD
(To STEVE)
You sent your girl down there for this?

STEVE
I didn't send a girl

DONALD
Swank?

SWANK
Not me. I'm looking for new girls

SWANK
You got girls, downstairs?

MISLA
Of course it's not my girl. Why would I bring girls here?
MISLA throws something at SWANK
She does a short routine and bows
LUDWIG is playing on his guitar. He plays for a short while
What did you think of track seven?
EMILY
I don't know. It was okay. I don’t know about the second one though. It wasn't scary enough
You're not scary
I'm pretty scary. I can be scary when I wanna
DONALD pauses, and backs up, off screen
He runs, and jumps into the water.
My phone's in my pocket!
An unknown person walks in and steps out of his shoes

He kicks them off onto a sea of other shoes
INT. PRODUCTION ROOM - DAY
DONALD is demoing a song to a few others. They are listening along and the power goes out
TRINIDAD JAMES
DONALD
The power went out

STEFAN
It was too turnt up
CHANCE and TRINIDAD JAMES are playing a quiet game of Connect Four
This decision is pivotal
God damnit, did I just tweak? I just did it
CHANCE
God damnit!
CHANCE screams and walks away. TRINIDAD JAMES laughs
CHANCE and DONALD are having a push-up contest
CHANCE
You're old, Donald
You're homeless. I can do this all day. I feel great. I'm getting an erection. Oh man, I'm so hard
TRINIDAD JAMES
I feel like Chance's hat might pop off
CHANCE
These are hat on pushups
Go all the way down when someone makes you do pushups
CHANCE falls over, exhausted
DONALD screams at CHANCE in victory
Kyle's song "Fruitsnacks"
STEFAN
STEFAN waves at the mysterious GIRL
DONALD stops DJing and turns to STEFAN, who is still dancing even with the absence of music
DONALD
Do you know her?
I'm a gentleman
the lemons
DANIELLE
I've had the most strangely reoccurring dreams over the last week. And uh, it's like of my wedding, but nothing is going right. Everything's a disaster. My guests are all there, it's all of my real life friends. They all look gorgeous. They're all like fully done up in their gowns that they're probably going to wear to the wedding, my family is there. But suddenly I realize I should've been married by now, and I'm not married, I'm not in my wedding dress. I'm all alone, in this giant area where I see my guests being served their cocktail appetizers off of paper plates. Everyone seems to be having a great time, but they're eating off of paper plates. But I am wearing cargo pants. Army cargo pants
DONALD
Like Old Navy?
Yeah, exactly. Like Old Navy cargo pants. I don't own Old Navy cargo pants. I'm not even sure where that came from in my head, but I'm wearing that with a T shirt and I'm supposed to be getting married. My hair's not done, my makeup's not done. And my mom comes in and asks me, "Why aren't you getting ready for your wedding?" And I'm like "Oh, I will be, I will be" but suddenly I'm smoking a cigarette, I even don't know why I'm smoking a cigarette, but in my mind I also that I'm three or four weeks pregnant. Horrible, right? So I tell my mom, "Mom, you don't know this, but I'm three or four weeks pregnant" and she says not "Put down the cigarette", she says, "Maybe you should get into your wedding dress". It's all very, very weird. I'm not sure what it means at all
I think we have too many lemons
DANIELLE
One more?

DONALD
Yeah

DANIELLE
And these two
DONALD
Yeah, some of them. That'll be enough
DANIELLE
We can make guacamole
The legs of an unknown person balancing and walking along the edge of the pool
A group of people are dancing around speakers. Assumingly, music is playing, but the events of that scene are muted
Investing time on writing lies
slightly truth without a clue
I met my higher self
pissing off the roofs of drunken goofs
He said "keep the mic smelly like a rotten tooth"
And all your fears forgotten when the Cap is in the booth
I'm an angel in an agony of flame
Feathers growing at the mention of my name, reinvention of my shame
I'm a slave to the darkness of my innermost cave
And all these words I hold tighter than a glowstick at a rave, nigga
Dance around the camp fire, buttnaked, blowing trees
Could give a single fuck if somebody sees, I'm free
Red "V"
bleed out a scarlet letter
kill a king
And I'll sitting ready for whatever weather the seasons sing
Picking up expensive habits,
chasing after little rabbits
Hope they lead me to a place of magic
Sad at all the times I never thought I had it
Losing all these memories, and y'all doubt it matters...
Patterns
DONALD
Mouth to a Pellegrino, bottle color of envy
Who the fuck is Gambino
, I hand a waitress a benji
To act like she never met me
, I'm saying though
They want the game changed when your shit on the radio
Fruit was so hanging low, I didn't even bother
She tryna land Obama's, man she get it from her mama
I don't blame her, I tame her, give her something to visualize
On my couch watching DVR'd "American Dad"
Man those new Celine bags are so to die for
I'm in that Porsche on Prozac, them suicide doors
Watch her walk as the death becomes her
Cause Mrs. Tarantino kill bills, no wonder
My heaven is the present, so maybe this is it
Pray to God every night to make me believe he exists
Drink a fifth of vodka, I don't need no sponsor
Heard a preacher holler, make him hold these souls

And that's when like the hook...
Wow
INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
DONALD examines his nose in the mirror, surprised by the bleeding
He looks for the source of all the blood, and notices and obstruction in his nasal passage- it's a string
Nauseated and scared, he pulls the long, blood soaked string while gagging and coughing. Finally, he dislodges the string and what is attached at the end, a golden tooth
He places it next to the sink and washes his hands, as the sound of the running water transitions into a similar sound of the shower water as DONALD now sits in the shower
He is still, and his back is to us
DONALD and FAM are sitting next to a bonfire
eating s'mores
swapping childhood stories
I remember being seventeen, being scared as hell. Getting prank calls, like crazy stuff. Just like senior year in high school. Had a lot of girls, it's crazy. So, this one girl, she was super crazy, she would call my phone from a blocked number, and it was her. But then I started getting like the crazy death threats.
The scariest thing about it all though, is having a gun knowing you might have to use it. scarier than than killing somebody is thinking about killing somebody.
Sometimes you can't explain why things happen
DONALD
five or six
In Commons Drop
he had to stay with us for a couple of day
"Let's rub butts"
crazy
Like I said, sometimes you just can't explain things
I'm gonna go inside
Alright, I gonna stay out here, man
HALLWAY
DONALD is walking to his room, as the GIRL passes him in the opposite direction
He turns, quizzically

DONALD
Who are you?

She doesn't respond, or even look at him, and keeps walking. Donald continues walking to his room
INT. DONALD'S ROOM. - NIGHT

He is flying face up, eyes closed. The phone rings and he opens his eyes
WOMAN (V.O.)
Hello, who's this?
DONALD immediately hangs up
FADE OUT
