
@ChildishGambino
I guess “oldest computer” mackelmore was supposed to be on it, but it became a little too house-y. then ms.banks came and made it a different song. it was cool to see
I never feel like everything’s done honestly
Urn
What are you doing right now? ;)))
notero
eating sushi
The problem is we see doors
1) What are you saying @2:23 on Zealots…
2) What is the meaning for some of the titles, like sweatpants
I’m saying “wanna walk too?”
Rich people wear whatever they want
During what season did you record this album?

Spring? summer? fall? winter?

Did it have an effect on your songwriting/state of mind/et cetera?

Thnx
can we eat Osso buco together
@AKNC17
Sorry to get personal right away but people always ask basic ass questions in Q and A’s so here it goes

I know you were raised Jehovah’s Witness but do you still follow any type of religion?
@ChildishGambino

I don’t really believe in religion for myself. i’ve become spiritual, more at peace with things. but i don’t believe in god. not like that
Rap genius
Its a semi famous quote
You should read the ‘because the internet’ script when it’s released
@CrookedModerator

If you could trade hairlines with another person, who would it be?

@ChildishGambino

They tell me i should fix my hairline cause i got money now

I ain’t gon sit around and front like i ain't thought about it

A perfect hairline is more appealing but it’s funny how

My shit is FUCKED UPPPPPPP but look how far i done got without it

I keep my HALF OF AN OCTAGON hairline fucked up just to show the kids it’s real
@Kid_Kamikazee

What did your followers realize at the end of The Biggest Troll?
@ChildishGambino

They realize “they don’t need a leader”
we were planning on south africa soon
@BasedGator

Question part: What inspires you when it comes to production? I hear a lot of tradtional trap drums and sounds on the new album, which make sense since your from the south, but you didn’t really do that on Camp. Then you got something like ‘Zealots of Stockholm’ where it gets Death Grip-ish. Is it as simple as your just finding the right sound for the lyrics or do you draw from other things?
Since your probably not going to see/respond to this, let me stan a little bit haha
Stan part: You are my role model, I can identify with your life and lyrics so well it’s crazy. I really hope in 10 years I can be as successful and well respected as you. I already liked your comedy and acting, but ever since I found out you rapped and I heard that E.E. Cummings line in ‘Freaks and Geeks’ I was hooked.

@SavvyRJA

It sounds like you are influecnced by john lennon quite alot? care to elaborate?
i learned a little about him through jhene
Anything by sam cooke
Short films just fit normal people a little better. time is ultimate currency. we don’t have a lot of time to spend.
And if it’s free, then you really have no excuse not to watch it and at least have an opinion
Whats your perspective on camp looking back at it now ?
Did My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy and Yeezus’s sound play a role in Because The Internet?
@ChildishGambino

I guess it influenced me as much as it influenced all music to be better? but honestly, his whole steez isn’t for me. I can’t do that. he just inspires me to be limitless

@MYH

How can mirrors be real if our eyes aren’t real?
Mirrors aren’t real
I don’t feel like I’ve missed any opportunity, honestly
1) Favourite cartoon , what is your choice ?
China, IL
American Dad has the best jokes.
Adventure time.
Regular Show.
Amazing world of gumball
Koala
Patrice O'Neal and
Louis CK
Video
@Eon2323
Hey Donald, big fan here (actually #1 Gambino scholar here, but nbd). I have a couple of questions
2) Are you thinking about doing another comedy special in the near future?
3) What was your sister’s reaction to your fame and come up in the rap game?
Thanks for just taking the time to read the questions.
First. thanks for doing all this work for me on rap genius
2) i honestly don’t know
4) no. I’m positive he has never heard of childish gambino. I’m pretty sure he thought i was eddie murphy the entire we were on set
You should read “mastery” by robert greene
Thanks for the questions. rap genius is a dope place. cool to see you guys taking such good care of it
Happy leak day
Everyone kiss notero goodnight
Learn to code
