[Verse 1]
New shit alert
Got a new whip, homie I got two of those
Got some green, homie we got UFO's
We the new chick, Royalty man, you ain't know?
He fly, no fair,
Droppin' with the hottest shit, no time to do the video
ATL is my city, though, East Side bitch
Getting Cortez at Stonecrest, I'm East Side rich
But my old girl Laconia, my house California
You ain't heard the news? D-Money back on ya
Niggas wanna network, cause I'm the only rapper with his face on a network
Fuckin' check my net worth tell 'em what the check's worth
Go and let 'em know
But then I'm gone again, more shows, more bucks
Ten times your cut, bein' broke sure sucks
Opportunity, I've never seen a door shut
Get it for my fam so my daddy ain't a Warbuck
Summer coming so I hit 'em with the warm up
Ballin' in my sweat suit
I ain't think we was ballin' 'til private jets to New Orleans
caught 'em fallin' like Autumn
Think fast, shoot first,
beast like blue fur
Here we go, Harry Fraud
[Verse 2]
Rappers who fuckin' hate me still wanna stop my tour bus
Rappers who call me gimmick still post me and troll the comments
20 shots of that honesty, I'm tryin' to control the vomit
'Bino does it feel good? Is East Side still hood?
Haters never mutual, boy that's for your man's sake
I don't see it like a Pusha-T and Wayne handshake
Pop or flop mobsters, we ain't do neither
Why these dudes want a mixtape, Shaq Diesel?
The truth is what you make it and lately, it's hard to find
ember "Heartbeat" like it was "Party All the Time"?
I know, I know, I know, it's that run it back
I just rocked 10K, where my hundred at?
My homie reppin' K.Flay at the Summer Jam
And they show me love somethin' serious
And I was just a kid, man, I ain't think they hearin' us
And Mase shook my hand and I'm shook
Cause my man still with Biggie and Gambino just a fan
I'mma tell you something true
If you ain't got a bunch of haters, man, then you ain't doing you
And this fake fuckin' rappers wanna fire shots for no reason
I could've helped you, but fuck it, I'm callin' open season
This ain't subliminal, I'm comin' right at you
But no one knows who you are, so I'm rapping at fuckin' statues
You gassed cause you got a meetin'? Crew is a never heard of you
Your drive is a learner's permit, your beef is a veggie burger
Verbal murder? Nah, we just tell what the truth homie
I'm with my girl in Spain, what are you doing?
Fuck it boy, we don't get enough joy
Watchin' everyone I know makin' major bok choy
Royalty, only two of us are fuckin' rappers
Another runs Wordpress, another does Apple
Another's DT and drinkin', talkin', on that cheddar
You wonder who we are, that means you already met us
I'm everywhere nigga, I don't need the fuckin' throne
I don't need Illuminati, I could fucking start my own
Cause I'm Childish, Childish, Childish
Childish Gambino
Westwood, Westwood, so its all good
Yo Childish Gambino, East Side let 'em know
