But I came here for the creativity more than anything, because creativity fuels everything
I hate business people. People get on the phone with me and tell me ya know like, 'What kind of business can you do, though? What type of business are you doing? What's the numbers? How much did you sell? What's the radio spins? How much shampoo can you sell with your face on it and shit?
Remind me again why we in this shit
Can you remind me again why we in this shit?

Remind me again why we in this shit (3x)
I know it's for more than to just get rich
Since when was making music about getting rich?
Since when was making art about getting rich?
And I know it's easy for me to say cause
Having money's not anything and not having it is
Remind me again why we in this shit
Remind me again why the Grammys couldn't suck my dick
Remind me again who's the original Superfly -
I got love for Hov but I ain't fuckin' with that "Suit and Tie.
Every nigga tryin' get rich
Every rapper tryin' get rich
And every rapper rap about fuckin' somebody else... bitch
And every motherfuckin' sponsor, shit
They try to put their logos all over the concerts and shit
For a meet-and-greet, and you gotta meet the execs and their daughter
And they'll show you what they just bought her
Remind again why we in this shit -
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit. (x5)
Cause we all gonna die one day
BUT I'MMA LIVE MY LIFE MY WAY!
I swear I'm a nice nigga now. I swear I'll put the pink polo back on. I swear to you. Please. Just for three million dollars.
I need it so bad. I need a new pool in my back yard.
So I tell all my fans that your shit is cool. And if they believe in me they should also believe in you. Did you get the check yet? I have to call a business manager - did the corporations send the check yet? What's my public rating right now? Are people liking me again? Enough to get money from the corporations - is it OK now?
They forgot about the whole Beyonce thing right?
feelings was the only facts
Racism and materialism is killing blacks
It's Louise Wilson's birthday tonight
not the lead instrument I'm the lead instrument
Alexander McQueen
and Kanye West, even though she doesn't want me to put that on my resume.
But I just feel sometimes like there is no good ideas and no real ideas and nothing sincere left. And everything's been so homogenized. And it's all Big Business, and there's no creativity.
The way you love your mother, man
The way you should love her, man
I said ain't nobody fresher than MY MOTHERFUCKIN' CLIQUE!
