How y'all feeling tonight?
Thank y'all for coming out to this impromptu-type performance I just set up
I love the energy in this city
This is one of my hometowns, y'all know I stayed out here, right?
But I came here for the creativity more than anything,
Because creativity fuels everything
I hate business people
People get on the phone with me and talk to me
Like "What kind of business can he do though?
What type of businnes are you doing? What's the numbers?
How much did you sell? What's the radio spins?
How much shampoo can you sell with your face on it and shit?"
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Can you remind me again why we in this shit?
Make it even more mellow, make it just the chords
[Verse 1]
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again why we in this shit?
I know it's for more than just to get rich.
Since when was making music about getting rich?
Since when was making art about getting rich?
I know it's easy for me to say
Because having money's not everything and not having it is
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again why the Grammy's could suck my dick?
Remind me who's the original superfly
And I got love for Hov but I ain't fucking with that Suit and Tie
Every nigga tryna get rich,
Every rapper tryna get rich
And every rapper always rap about fucking somebody else bitch
And why the Grammys can suck my dick
And every motherfucking sponsor
They tryna put they logos all over the concerts and shit
For a meet and greet
And you gotta meet the execs and they daughters
And they'll show what they just bought her
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit
They say "Ayo, you coming on too strong in this bitch"
They always talking about what I'm doing wrong in this shit
I lost my motherfucking momma
So I can give a fuck about your comments
[Verse 3]
Please, can I sell your drink for you, please
"So, you can help me put on a better show please, corporations?
I swear I’m a nice nigga now
I swear I’ll put the pink polo back on,
I swear to you. Please. Just for 3 million
I need it so bad. I need a pool in my backyard!
So I’ll tell all my fans your shit is cool
And if they believe in me, then they should also believe in you
"‘Did we get the check yet? Hold on, I gotta call the business manager
Did the corporations send the check?
What is my public rating? Are people liking me again?
Enough to get some money from the corporations?
Are they liking me, is it ok now?
They forgot about the whole Beyoncé thing, right?
Ok, Cool.
Is it ok now?"
Nigga I'mma make my music from my heart
And I live and I die by everything that I say
And everything that I do
And everything that make is what I believe to be true
And if the shit don't make sense and sound like nonsense
I don't give a fuck because that was my stream of conscious
And racism and materialism is killing blacks
London, it's Louise Wilson's birthday tonight
Alexander McQueen
Stella McCartney
And Kanye West, even though she doesn't want me to put that on my resume
And everything has been so homogenized
And it's all big business and it's no creativity
But really we have the ability to have a human Utopia
If we just helped each other
If we just use our resources
And stop tryna compete against each other
And tryna beat each other
And eat each other
And maybe came together and tried to teach each other
And reach each other
And reach each other
Maybe try to come together and love each other
And love each other
And love one another
Maybe try to come together and love each other
The way you love you love your mother man
The way you should love your father man
And is this our motherfucking clique
Clique, clique clique
Ain't nobody fresher than my motherfucking clique
Clique, clique, clique
I said ain't nobody fresher than my motherfucking clique
Clique, clique, clique
I said ain't nobody fresher than my motherfucking clique
