“The College Dropout”
Here’s someone who’s going to argue for his place in history
they’re all the same as that coach
“Because I hit every one of my shots, I deserve to be on this team!”
Kanye West, as the Michael Jordan
You’ve won a lot of Grammys.
“[My Beautiful] Dark [Twisted] Fantasy” and “Watch the Throne”: neither was nominated for Album of the Year,
and I made both of those in one year.
don’t know if this is statistically right, but I’m assuming I have the most Grammys of anyone my age,
but I haven’t won one against a white person.
I really appreciate the moments that I was able to win rap album of the year or whatever
I remember when both Gnarls Barkley and Justin [Timberlake] lost for Album of the Year,
and I looked at Justin, and I was like: “Do you want me to go onstage for you? You know, do you want me to fight”
I am so credible and so influential and so relevant that I will change things
But has that instinct led you astray? Like the Taylor Swift interruption at the MTV Video Music Awards, things like that.
It’s only led me to awesome truth and awesomeness.
I don’t have one regret.
I think that I have like, faltered, you know, as a human. My message isn’t perfectly defined. I have, as a human being, fallen to peer pressure.
I’m like, the anti-celebrity, and my music comes from a place of being anti.
“Black Skinhead”
If you walk into an old man’s house, they’re not giving nothing.
even a Steve Jobs has compromised
I knew when I wrote the line “light-skinned friend look like Michael Jackson” [from the song “Slow Jamz"] I was going to be a big star.
[JC] But producting happened for you first, especially after Jay-Z used you so heavily on “The Blueprint.”
Dead Prez
Mos Def and [Talib] Kweli
Dropout
I was trying to do different things with orchestras
[JC] But you came here, you worked with Jon Brion [the Fiona Apple producer].
I really liked the sound of some projects that Jon Brion had worked on.
calling out President Bush at the Hurricane Katrina telethon
I was wearing like, a Juicy Couture men’s polo shirt.
You look at Jay or Diddy, and I’d say like, 90 percent of the time, you think they’re having a good time
With you, I would say, I don’t know, 50-50 maybe? Or 30-70?
Maybe 90 percent of the time it looks like I’m not having a good time.
[JC] But you’re in a very public relationship, a seemingly long and satisfying relationship: you’re about to have a child.
I’m the type of rock star that likes to have a girlfriend, you know?
On “Keeping Up With the Kardashians,” there’s a really affectionate scene where you go and help Kim sort through her clothes.
Corbusier
His records did used to say “reduced by Rick Rubin.”
why I hadn’t won Album of the Year yet
J-Kwon, “Tipsy.” People would think that’s like a lower-quality, less intellectual form of hip-hop, but that’s always my No. 1.
