Over 21 Grammy's.
6 Consecutive number 1 albums.
One of the most impactful voices to ever grab a microphone. One of the most talented producers to ever produce music, fashion, art. One of the most prolific people to ever speak on behalf of his thoughts; to trigger emotions and trigger thoughts of you. One of the most clever people to ever manipulate the internet.
Sway you gotta hear my rhymes man you gotta hear my rhymes I know I make beats but you gotta hear my rhymes
to now being mentioned alongside the President of the United States, more than once.
[Kanye West]: George Bush doesn't care about black people
[Kanye West]: And another thing is, people are so gay-conscious now. That's like the whole thing like with the Internet — every day, somebody's- "Ooh I can tell he gay now!" you know, but back in the day, people used to have songs like "Get In That Ass" or something like that
[Kanye West]: Remind me who's the original superfly, and I got love for Hov but I ain't fucking with that Suit and Tie
Sway in the Morning
Shade 45
[Sway]: What's is going to happen with the Red Octobers?
"if you want that Red October, you gotta take these 10 other shoes."
Mark Parker.
I'mma put Mark Parker all on that Summer Jam screen.
And by the way, Mark Parker, yes I will still accept an investment in Donda.
I am Warhol.
I am Shakespeare in the flesh.
Now who's gonna be the Medici family and stand up and let me create more;
or do you wanna marginalize me 'til I'm out of my moment
[Sway]: But why don't you empower yourself and don't need them and do it yourself?

[Kanye West]: How Sway!

[Sway]: Take a few steps back, and-
[Kanye West (and Sway)]: You ain't got the answers man! You ain't got the answers! (Kanye) You ain't got the answers, Sway! (Kanye) I been doing this more than you! (Doing what more than me?) You ain't got- (C'mon, chill out, bro!) You ain't got the answers! (Kanye, relax!) You ain't got the answers! (Bro, rela- I'm asking you a question!) You ain't been doing the education. (Bro!) You ain't been doing the education! (Kanye, calm down!) You don't have the answers though. (Calm down!) Because you trying to give me advice about something- (No! No no no no, listen) You ain't- You ain't got the answers! You ain't spend 13 million dollars of your own money trying to empower yourself!
[Kanye West]: And that and that ain't Ralph though! It ain't Ralph level
[Kanye West]: What's the name of your clothing line? We don't know
No man you don't have the answers
[Sway]: Why is it that you can't?
You dont have to turn up
This ain't no fucking show
I can make shit rhyme
I can make shit rhyme if I'm
Feel like, even if I, don't
So I just, might not, cause I
Don't want, and I'm just gon'
Freestyle, for the first time
With a, freestyle, that don't, even go together, oh
No rhymes, that's my new shit, nothing rhyme
How that sound, uh oh, woh
