Ayy stop, stop, stop, stop, stop it
Ayy, ayy radio, fuck you!
Radio, fuck you!
Radio, lying to you
Radio, fuck you!
I know there's a lotta real niggas working at radio
Real people, real program directors
With wives and kids that love music that can't play what they wanna play
Because they've been paid to play that bullshit
Over and over and over
Oh yeah, I'm on my Trump shit tonight
Yeah, I'm taking - taking his lead!
Imma just say how I say
Imma just say - I'm just be Ye, and win!
Imma take his lead!
The last real nigga alive?
Nah, nigga, it's still real niggas alive!
We alive tonight, bruh!
We alive tonight, bruh!
Virgil Abloh is alive tonight, bruh
ASAP Nast is alive tonight, bruh
Bari is alive tonight, bruh
Khaled, and Drake, and radio, and Doc, and 92.3
And everybody - is it just me
Or did you hear that song so many times
"You say you wanna play for free"
Ayy, ayy, you know what it is, though?
Cause ayy, I love Drake! I love Khaled!
They set that song up, bro!
I'm on my Trump shit tonight!
I went down 7 years of my life of motherfuckas hating me
Cause I said Beyoncé had the best video
Y'all might be experiencing a lot of pop shit but the vibes is back
The prodigal son, Kid Cudi, has returned!
The vibes is back
Obama couldn't make America great, cause he couldn't be him
To be who he was
I went down 7 years on behalf of yo -
Ayy nigga, don't throw no shit while I'm talking
I am putting my career, my life, my public-well-standing
At risk when I talk to y'all like this
This is a moment in The Matrix, bro
It's a new world, Hillary Clinton!
It's a new world, feelings matter!
Cause guess what?!
Everybody in middle America felt a way
And they showed you how they felt
Feelings matter, bro. It's a new world!
And if y'all still keep following old models
Yo asses gonna get Hillary Clinton'd
Mark Zuckerberg you wanna call me, now?
You ain't got the vision, Mark Zuckerberg?!
Was you wrong when I said I was 53 million dollars in debt and you didn't call me?!
Was you wrong?!
I told you about DONDA
You said you would help, and you didn't!
Then you went to look for aliens
Me and Kid Cudi are aliens right here, bro!
There's a Richard Pryor interview that you can watch
About people coming into power and not changing anything
Just becoming part of the power
Get ready to write yo passive aggressive
Lebron James racist comments
Cause the show's over
[Mic drop, Kanye leaves stage]
