They gossiping, it runs the city
They don't know who watching them when they coming to get me
And I put my Glocks to them, like blaow, blaow, blaow
I'm finna get on this TV and put shit down
I ain't finna let these light skinned niggas come back in style
I'm finna turn this class clown shit to crazy G's
They told my Momma I was bipolar, had A.D.D
I told 'em w-what I wanna do, I wanna be a baller
corners
Old folks said he'd never make it off the corner
They are the cubic zirconia inside the ten-karat gold
That get green on you, when you get green on 'em
You gotta wash your hands of 'em, get clean on 'em
Somebody told me success is the best revenge
So they gon' be fucked up when you do your thing on 'em
Now hold your plaques high, like who would've thought?
And tell em *ahem ahem ahem*, thank you for your no support
They are the dream killers, they the dream killers
Who know a dream? Uh, they are the dream
(killer Norman Bates)
They the dream killers, they the dream killers
(killer Norman Bates)
Now how you going to talk about the way I spend my money?
Everybody say it with me now, it's my money
And they know they hating, but what they don't know is
They are my motivation, they are my inspiration
'Cause we the leaders and they the followers
And we the nut busters and they the swallowers
We are the shit, dog, and they the flies
How you gonna tell me how to live my life?
And you can't even get your own shit tight, right?
They are the misery that loves company
'Cause that comfortable corporate job can't comfort me
Told 'em I finished school, then I started my own business
They said, "Oh you graduated?" Nah, I decided I was finished
Chasing y'all dreams and what you got planned
Now I spit it so hot, you got tanned
And they hate on your relationship then break your marriage up
Can't kill your dreams so they assassinate your character
Do anything to downplay you or embarrass you
Come around with you but they ain't down with you
(Killer Norman Bates)
And I'm through spitting these rappers my most heartfelt flow
'Cause they be like, "That's cool, you got some beats for me though?"
Oh, I get it, you want to be Snoop and Dr. Dre
But don't nobody give a fuck what you got to say
Anyway, what you finna rap about?
You never sold crack out your house or put a gat to a mouth
Or put your fist to your spouse, so how you gon' move the crowd?
I bet a thousand that you get booed out
I even heard that they even taking wagers in jail
They bet ten boxes of cigarettes that I'm finna fail
Second you talk about peace, they gon' be like, "Peace?"
This nigga came from the Chi, moved to the East
You gotta kill at least one person at least
Or we'll evict you from the rap game, cancel your lease
What, you ain't know you gotta be rich just to be poor there?
They gossiping, it runs the city
They don't know who watching them when they coming to get me
And I put my Glocks to them, like blaow, blaow, blaow
