The DW was a design element placed on the invite in homage to my mom
the fake DW twitter page
since it’s not official I can’t co-sign any information on it
“Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.” – Leonardo Da Vinci
More clarity… I have no agency representing me currently… William Morris was fired after Cara Lewis quit. I love Cara Lewis :-)
I love being back at my fashion office learning and creating. It’s so challenging and fun and I’m surrounded by amazing people.
They say you only live once but every time I come to work I feel like I’m starting a second life
You guys might think I have some type of backing for my line but I don’t.
I did the first fashion show out of my own pocket and used the money I made touring to follow my passion.
I’ve been working at this for 8 years now.
to begging Bape to do my line
“MTV” moment
along with my tour with (Lady) Gaga
I had this opportunity to intern at Fendi and was also offered a position at Versace which I could not take due to my contract with LV which was for 2 years.
I moved to Rome after I left Japan and worked at Fendi for 4 months undercover.
I snuck to Giuseppe Zanotti’s factory still under contract and learned to design womens shoes for 2 years before my first show in Paris
I designed a sneaker called the (Air) Yeezy with Nike.
Early 2011 I moved to Paris and opened a small design studio. The language barrier was quite difficult.
I still don’t have a Paris VAT number to this day. I don’t know what a VAT is but every time I asked why we didn’t have fabrics they said it was because of the VAT
In Paris I met many great people in design including the master Azzedine Alaia.
Azzedine even came by my studio one day :-)
This was the greatest feeling to stand in his presence in my embarrassingly small Paris studio in a courtyard opposite Collate
I guess some critics would joke that I still don’t know anything.
Being a celebrity has afforded me many opportunities but has also boxed me in creatively.
I appreciate having the most nominations at the Grammy’s but I feel so conflicted by the fact that award shows sometimes are completely illogical.
Good logic tells me “smile Kanye”, the world likes you again.
“Red or blue pill?”…aaaaand Swallow.
LOL. I wouldn’t have the prestige I have if it wasn’t partially for the Grammy's validation and I honor that
Hmmmmm, what to wear? Here I go again…
Yeezy the trend setter or complete f*cking fashion victim…the verdict is still out.
it’s got the best name ever…of all companies…of all time!!!
The name of the company is DONDA
DONDA is a design company which will galvanize amazing thinkers and put them in a creative space to bounce there dreams and ideas.
Dr Dre redesigned headphones and made more impact off of one product.
I am assembling a team of architects, graphic designers, directors musicians, producers, A&Rs, writers, publicist, social media experts, app guys, managers, car designers, clothing designers, DJs, video game designers, publishers, tech guys, lawyers, bankers, nutritionists, doctors, scientists and teachers
DONDA will be comprised of over 22 divisions with a goal to make products and experiences that people want and can afford.
Music travels and is not limited to only the wealthy.
My mom was an English teacher so I know she sends an SMDH from heaven :-).
The Watch the Throne tour was a small example of what a DONDA experience can be…
I’m currently working on a new 7 screen experience…
We need to pick up where Steve Jobs left off
School systems were designed to turn people into factory workers.
Math classes should teach addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, accounting and money management aaaaaand cut!!!
UNLESS YOU’RE A MATH MAJOR!!!
Allow kids to use search engines to do test…like the real WORLD!!!
please excuse my grammar…I know it’s extremely ironic
what about emotional IQ’s?
What about kids who do bad in school because of how bad their surroundings are?
Excuse me…I just get excited at the possibilities…the more excited I get the more grammatical errors you’ll see…
When me and Jay toured, every night I peered into the audience astonished by the different walks of life that came to support us
From Wall Street to the London riots to Chicago murders
“If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple…but if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas.” – George Bernard Shaw
