I’ll take one question. I wanted to vibe off an idea, and then I can riff off of that…they said I’ve got 20 minutes or so, I might go longer
Today was the first time I realised, If I could have done it again I would have gone to the Art Institute over the American Academy of Art, I would have researched where I could have got the best and the strongest education
And I’m sure this will end up online,
My goal, if I was going to do art, fine art, would have been to become Picasso or greater
That always sounds so funny to people, comparing yourself to someone in the past that has done so much, and in your life you’re not even allowed to think that you can do as much. That’s a mentality that suppresses humanity
Some of you here probably remember the night when the Donda tweets came through me and I started talking about professions that you guys are going into, that seemed they had nothing to do with a rapper
I was talking about a band of thinkers that could remove religion, race, gender, and somehow come together to find solutions for a broken planet
I approach creativity like a sport, where if I have a drawing I react just like a jock: LOOK AT THE FUCKING DRAWING RIGHT THERE YEAH!
We’re all creatives here, we’re all born artists. Some people are artists of business, some people are artists of composition
We were taught to hide our black fingernail polish and put our head down in the back of the class and not notice out of fear that someone might laugh at one of our ideas – that our idea could become a mockery or a failure in some way
There’s a Bible saying, ‘No weapon formed against me shall prosper’.
I was sitting with Steve McQueen, he shot the visuals for All Day two days ago, it’s completely different to the Brit awards
What I said was The Matrix is like the Bible of the post-information age
Attacking people from every which angle possible. If you have a focus wide and master senses like Laurence Fishburne and you have a squad behind you, you literally can put the world in slow motion
It’s still February, right? (security guard shakes his head, everyone laughs)
We’d just look at each other and say, it’s still February. For the sheer mount of work that we were able to put into the world.
I probably would have been batting 2000. I know that’s incorrect also
This humanity that I talk about, this civilization that I talk about, this future utopia I talk about…it can only happen through collaboration
I love Steve Jobs, he’s my favorite person, but there’s one thing that disappoints me.
When Steve passed he didn’t give the ideas up. That’s kinda selfish. You know that Elon’s like ‘yeah, take these ideas’.
Maybe there are companies outside of Apple that could work on them and push humanity forward. Maybe the stock brokers won’t like that, the stock holders wouldn’t like that idea, but ideas are free and you can’t be selfish with them
I think that progression of mind with the advent of a human being named Drake (laughs, smirks, crowd laughs) you know, this idea of holding onto a number 1 spot. And then you get this guy that comes and blows out the water every number 1 of any band ever. Be it me, or Paul McCartney [laughs]
I understand that I’m a servant. And with my voice, with my ability to build relationships with amazing people, speak to amazing people. Call Elon Musk out of the blue, or call Obama out of the blue…he calls the home phone, by the way

With that, I have a responsibility to serve
[he never answered this]
I work with an artist called Vanessa Beecroft, and she bought my daughter some toys
I’d see toys that some people would buy for my daughter and I’d say this toy isn’t quality. I don’t want my daughter playing with this. There’s not enough love put into this, this is just manufactured with the will to sell, and not the will of inspiration
Vanessa is very focused, she’s like my eyes, she’s a piece of my brain.
I’m assuming I’m probably wearing a $2000 shirt but I got it for free from the designer so
I’m not gonna say the obvious brand of luggage that I’d normally say because I’ve got a meeting with them soon
It feels like people do everything in life to get this BMW, this Benz, to get this townhome, to get 2.5 kids exactly. One of them has to be small, y’know!
And you’re looking for this moment where you sit in your BMW after all the work you’ve done and all the accolades you get, and you somehow think you’re gonna get that level of joy that my daughter had when she received those wolves. And when you’re sitting in traffic in your BMW, it’s something that feels empty.
People say it takes a village to raise a child
She’s only doing good if your daughter’s doing good. We’re all one family
We have the ability to approach our race like ants, or we have the ability to approach our race like crabs
This is a generation that is far less racist
yes, small remnants remain
I was joking with an interviewer earlier today…people talk about the number of viewers the Brits get, or the number of viewers the Grammys get. They need to do award shows for the Nobel Peace Prize, but I guess that doesn’t sell as many MasterCard commercials. Oh, I mentioned a brand! [looks disappointed]…I had two things…I was trying to get a flawless victory on my speech! No offence to MasterCard…but that was a big fucking logo in the middle!
You know, Chris Rock called my album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy…well, Chris Rock and everyone else at every single media publication called My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy the best album of the last 25 years. This only came through collaboration
One of the most memorable things about MBDTF was Nicki Minaj, and the fact that she kicked my ass, on my own song, on one of the best albums…the best album – I’m just saying what the critics said – of the last 25 years. The best album of the past 25 years that I spent a year and a half making, out there. I was exiled from my country, it was a personal exile, but exile. To come back and deliver my magnum opus of a work, and to be outshined…to be beat by a girl, basically
why did it take so long for the new Yeezys to come out? Why did I have to leave one group and go to another group?
She was able to go on and become a successful, and fly, and run, and dream, and provide.
One of my biggest Achilles heels has been my ego. And if I, Kanye West, the very person, can remove my ego, I think there’s hope for everyone
People say I have a bad reputation. I think I’ve got the best reputation in the building. They want you to have a reputation of tucking your black nail polish into your pockets and sitting in the corner of the class, and not fighting for your ideas out of fear of being ridiculed
That’s one of my favourite ones…to be called crazy
But in learning that, being brought up, middle class, it’s something that is beating out of my chest. ‘Wait a second, I was middle class, and I didn’t get to see none of this shit!’
There should never be a $5000 sweater
You know what should cost $5000? A car should be $5000. And you know who should work on the car? The people that work on the $500,000 cars. All the best talent in the world needs to work for the people.
