[Produced by Young Chop; co-production by Kanye West, Noah Goldstein, and The Twilite Tone]
[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Fraud niggas, y'all niggas, that's that shit I don't like
Your shit make-believe, rappin' about my own life
Real names kill things, that's that shit I won't write
‘Cause my niggas still sellin' dope
Like they ain't on their third strikes
Campin' out in that corridor
Fuck you waitin' on Jordans for?
I middle-man it for twenty-three
Just meet me somewhere around Baltimore
(Woo!) That's rare, nigga (Woo!) Ric Flair, nigga
(Woo!) The power's in my hair, nigga
(Woo!) I give this beat the chair, nigga
SoHo or Tribeca, three hoes; trifecta
Dope money, hope money,
Hublot, my watch better
My pen's better, you don't write
Trendsetter, you clone-like
Pay homage or K's vomit
Ungrateful niggas I don't like—rrrah!
[Hook: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
(This Chicago, nigga!)
[Verse 2: Kanye West]
They smile in my face is what I don't like
They steal your whole sound; that's a soundbite
The media crucify me, like they did Christ
They want to find me not breathin', like they found Mike
A girl'll run her mouth only out of spite
But I'd never hit a woman, never in my life
I was in too deep, like Mekhi Phife'
In that pussy so deep I could have drowned twice
Rose gold Jesus piece with the brown ice
Eatin' good; vegetarian with the brown rice
Girls kissin' girls, ‘cause it's hot, right?
But unless they use a strap-on, then they not dykes
They ain't about that life, they ain't about that life
We hangin' out that window: it's about to be a Suge night
Free Bump J, real nigga for life
Shoutout to Derrick Rose, man, that nigga nice
Shout out to L-E-P,
Jay Boogie, right?
Chief Keef, King Louie, this is Chi, right? Right?!
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
Don't like, don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
(Young Chop on the beat)
[Verse 3: Chief Keef]
Smokin' on this dope, higher than a kite
This bitch gon' love me now, she gon' let me pipe
Screamin', "Sosa, that's that nigga that I like!"
I don't want relations, I just want one night
‘Cause a thirsty bitch, that's the shit that I don't like
And I stunt so much in clothes ‘cause I'm livin' life
I come up on the scene, and I'm stealin' light
Bitch, I'm high off life, got me feelin' right
Bitch, I'm Chief Keef, fuck who don't like!
And, bi-bi-bitch, we GBE,
we just go on sight
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
We are not one and the same
Nigga, I'm fuckin' insane, fuck is you sayin'?
Yo' ass been doin' the same
Shit, not doin' what you sayin'
Dang, I told yo' old bitch she was fuckin' a lame
Turn one ho to a train
Blaow, blang, my niggas holdin' that pain
I just hope you been prayin'
—bang bang!
Ridin' for my niggas, and that's for life
High class, I'm just surrounded by these lowlives
And I run this bitch like it's no lights
Goin' hard the whole night
‘Cause I ain't goin' back to my old life, I promise
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
[Verse 5: Jadakiss]
I done sold purple,
I done sold white
Runnin' outta work,
that's that shit I don't like
She never let me hit it, she gave me dome twice
She blowin' up my phone, that's that bitch I don't like
Nah, jean jacket with the sleeves cut
Put the pressure on 'em, just when they think that I eased up
Thirty for the Cuban, another thirty for the Jesus
Believe in ourselves when nobody else believed us, suckas!
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
