[Verse 1]
I see my cousin whip get hit from the side, they swiss cheesed it
Underwater tryna breathe for myself
Going deep so the pressure is massive
Really tryna be a saint, but I ain't Drew Brees I never been that passive
Always been this pensive
Niggas claiming that I'm changing cause my clothes ain't always been expensive
Always been eccentric
Never been as fake as but it came to extensions
The poems always been extensive
See this story hasn't yet been stenciled
Or adapted to some whack ass Tyler Perry minstrel movie
Tell shawty if we kick it then I'm just like Kangol
Girl I'm at your kufi
What you think about the black man?
Tell me what you know about love
Ain't no right or wrong answer
I just know we could go deeper
It's a story, every stanza
Gotta speak in allegory, spread love the new mantra
It's the healing component, it's the healing component
It's the light for the evils like a fucking patronus
Standing banded with my brothers, black Nicholas Jonas
Fuck my last name them hoes used to own us
No weapon formed against me, please don't even walk up on us
Dr. Strangelove
We claim that we love our sisters
That's some strange love, Dr. Strangelove oh oh
Oh oh oh
We claim that we love ourselves
That's some strange love, Dr. Strange
Dr. Strangelove
We claim that we love our sisters
That's some strange love, Dr. Strangelove oh oh
Oh oh oh
We claim that we love ourselves
That's some strange love, Dr. Strange
Used to hang from them trees, we abusing them now
Sons and our daughters used to follow in the footsteps of our fathers
But we losing them now
On our own scene of Lackawanna Blues for him
How society not bruise your mental?
Both claim Jesus, we Jews and gentiles
I cruise at two miles an hour
I hope everybody gets to see the love
Dr. s-
Dr. s-
Dr. s-
Dr. Strangelove, oh oh oh, oh
Oh oh oh, oh
We claim, we claim that we love ourselves
We, that's some, that's some strange love, Dr. S-
Doc-Doc-Doctor Strange
Doc-Doc-Doc-Doctor Strangelove oh-oh-oh oh oh, oh oh
Oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh
Oh-oh-oh oh oh
Dr. s- Dr. Strangelove
We claim, we claim, we claim that we, that's some strange
We, we claim that we love ourselves
