[Produced by Kanye West & 12 Hunna]
Not gonna stop
I bet I can't get down to them (I can't fear nobody)
That tender lovin' so lovely  (I can’t hear nobody)
That tender lovin' so lovely (I can’t see nobody)
"You really don’t understand do you?"
Oh the rain, rain, the rain (Can’t compete with nobody)
Oh sunshine (Nobody)
That tender lovin' so lovely (Nobody)
They can’t love anybody
​"You really don’t understand do you?"
Fear nobody, fear nobody
I brought my shotty right up in the party
No bodyguard, just see the squad and me
What's in my pockets? I brought Ben Franklin with me
What's in my house? 7,000 square feet
My bank account? I swear it's no telling
All type of amounts, just so I can spend it
What's all around? Fake niggas actin' friendly
Cause I'm on now, gotta keep it near me
Cause niggas will smile, but really be frienemy
Bitches all act down, but really ain't into me
They just want my account, heard I got them milli's
Can't go like that now, I'ma keep it pimpin'
Pistols all around, opp tryna' catch me slippin'
'Member my mama used to whip me
Now I can buy her ass anything
[Hook: Kanye West (Chief Keef)]
Oh the rain the rain the rain, oh sunshine
That tender lovin' so lovely (Body)
That tender lovin' so lovely (Nobody)
"You really don’t understand do you?"
Not love somebody (Body)
Lots of lovin' nobody (Nobody)
Nobody "You really don’t understand do you?"
I don't fear no one
War time, I'm gon' get me one
Where I'm from you gotta walk 'round with your gun
But I made it out, just to get some money
"You really don’t understand do you?"
Now I'm riding what I want
Fuckin' any thot I want
I be buying anything I want,
remember when I was broke?
"You really don’t understand do you?"
They thought I was a joke
"You really don’t understand do you?"
That money, I'm so in love with you
Til' I die, I'mma sing to you
Cause I love you, I wanna be with you
"You really don’t understand do you?"
Not gonna stop
I bet I can’t get down to them
That tender lovin', so lovely
That tender lovin', so lovely
"You really don’t understand do you?"
Oh the rain, rain, the rain, the rain, oh sunshine
I can’t love in somebody, they can’t love anybody
Not lovin' somebody, lots of lovin' nobody, nobody
"You really don’t understand do you?"
