[Intro: Rittz and the Reporter]
Rittz: Damn... just let me call and get this interview overwith
I hate doing this shit
Reporter: Hello?
Rittz: Hey what up? This is Rittz, I was calling to do the interview with you today
Reporter: Oh, hey Rittz. Let me just get my recorder ready, and I'll be ready when you are
Rittz: Okay cool, shit I'm ready, let's do it
Reporter: So tell me... who is Rittz?
That's a stupid question
Bitch, Rittz is me
A white boy from Gwinnett County Georgia
Been doing for some years never gave up
Now I get to live my dream
I think I started to rap back in '92
I used to rhyme to Snoop
With some dude that I rode the bus with
Who played Geto Boys for me when I ride to school
And I was hooked
dad
I had the black lumberjack with the hat to match
That's another dumb question
Are you a dumb bitch?
It's obvious that I got the named after the cracker
Because I'm white, please next subject
I done answer these questions a thousand times
Everybody's asking all this shit about me
Wondering where I came from
Questioning my surroundings
And the same motherfuckers that dap me
Be the haters that used to doubt me
Yeah, it kinda sucked
If you ain't make the type of shit they play inside the club
Then the strippers don't dance and the radio don't play you
Besides they ain't show Northside no love
Reporter: You're from Gwinnett County
God damn right
You probably would too if you grew up through the shit I seen
16 I was sniffing things, the shit changed when '96 Olympics came
So many nights, I spent in my mama's house
Geeked up on white, scared that I'm OD'ing
Thinking I'mma die trying to ride it out
Reporter: Not to change the subject, what's up with your hair?
God damn why do people care
Got grown men coming up to me when it's tucked in like
"Please say you didn't cut it, is it there?"
And I swear it's like
Everybody's asking all this shit about me
Wondering where I came from
Questioning my surroundings
He said if he ever got the chance he would put me on
And when he blew, he did, I owe him everything
So if anybody fuck with my dude they dead
So is it still Slumerican
What up Shawty Fatt?
What up, Strug'?
What up Newport,
what up Will?
What do you say to those who say you rap too fast?
Don't listen if you don't like the way that I rhyme
It cost you nothin', pay me no mind
Reporter: How's your girlfriend dealing with your new success
When I'm gone on the road all she does is cry
And acuses me of cheatin' and sleepin' with chicks
When I'm usually chilling gettin' drunk and high
