Look at them boots, huh? The fuck am I, Elvis?
Yela' done lost his mind
Dropped 70 grand up on the Chevrolet
A bug got into my throat, I had to cough it up
The dealership hit me with the pepper spray
If I don't get rid of this ridiculous amount of dividends
I'll probably end up with a knot up, in my stomach
How do you expect me to take a piss, and not miss Sons of Anar-
House lookin' like, the Bass Pro Shop
Buffalo heads, Bears, Bucks and dead Ducks
Fuck changing up
Kill it stuff it and hang it up
Oh yeah, Next to Nothing mothafucka
Slumerican shit!
[Hook: Rittz + Yelawolf]
These mothafuckas make me laugh, they L-A-F
They lame as fuck
Look at how they dress, they L-A-F
They lame as fuck
Listen how they rap, they L-A-F
They lame as fuck
Tryna say they fresh, tryna say they tough
You ain't ever been about it, you just make shit up
Hey Rittz, what's up!?
Some people never really cease to amaze me
These days it's like no one can take a hint
I make a song called, "Lame As Fuck"
And all these rappers acting like, it don't pertain to them
If I was to name these lame motherfuckers, it would take me ten
Minutes to give 'em attention, so I'll be vague and vent
First off, if you know me as Rittz, I think you're real lame
If you see me and you try to call me by my real name
Just because you read my Wikipedia
Don't even say to people that we kicked it, when we never did hang
Same type of motherfucker will beg for your number
And wonder why you ignore 'em, like twenty times on the road
Cause I'm busy, and this is why I hesitated giving it to you, homie
You need to go get a life of your own
"How do I know if I'm lame?" Lemme ask you this
Are you always commenting online, like you're an expert on everything?
When someone's sick, do you try to chime in
And tell 'em what medicine they should buy?
Do you write your life story on Facebook when no one gives a damn?
Instagram full of family pictures
Shitty car, got a pair of rims on it
You ever done a "Ice Bucket Challenge"?
Then the answer's "Yes"
Do you ask random people 'bout a tat
Just so you can show 'em yours, when nobody give a shit?
Lookin lame takin’ pictures with a pit
Say you love it, make it mean
And you give the dog away, I hope you end up gettin' bit
Bitches actin' like they model for a living when they strip
I'm confused on how to say it, are they memes, or they mems?
I'm just sick of seeing dorky shit written on a picture
For a minute it was cool, but now I'm wishin it would end
You prolly used the word fleek, the same week you heard it, you geek
Nerdy pussy, nobody showing you love
You lame as fuck, if you ain’t rolling with Slum
You lame as fuck yelling "Worldstar!", holding your phone
All I see around here, is boring flows and rollies,
E-Beef's boring tweets
These bitches totally taking thoting, to a whole 'nother level (What's yo' name?) like they was born for hoeing
And then she got to turn around and expose the nigga, she was just chilling with the night before, without a warning
So she can get accepted socially,
so you gotta know, was she colder than ice? She rolling the dice
Or block her on the neck, like you born to goalie, Uh!
A hunnid, a hunnid, a hunnid
A hunnid, a hunnid, that's the new corn emoji,
stop working, and getting your pay
And giving it to dancers, knowing your children need pampers
Foo',
you niggas nowadays are
Probably waiting in line all day, just to get advanced a shoe, cause they was made by Kanye, you put them on
Get a glance or two, then you go home and your daughter say,"How Sway?" But you ain't got the answers, foo',
after I finish
Sending a nigga at you, who be throwing Tony Romos, out of a Ruger,
Rittz talk to me
[Hook: Rittz]
These mothafuckas make me laugh, they L-A-F
They lame as fuck
Look at how they dress, they L-A-F
They lame as fuck
Listen how they rap, they L-A-F
They lame as fuck
Tryna say they fresh, tryna say they tough
You ain't ever been about it, you just make shit up
You lame as fuck
Oh word? Y'all ain't think that I was coming in this bitch?
Bet ya think I'm talkin' bout, making an entrance, talk 'bout making an entrance
Into a lame nigga's Mrs., listen to that sentence, I said "Cumming in this bitch!"
swimming in they daddy balls, he should have opted for some head
Yo momma should have swallowed you instead, missed y'all not at all, uh, wait
rappers never traffickin'
Across the Tijuana border
you the sorta nigga wearin' a recorder, talkin' for the court reporter, rolling over,
He got three blondes, with no jeans on, playin' ping pong with his ding dong, while he sing songs
Like I'm Cheech and Chong, bitch I'm King Kong, just a nigga with a attitude, like I'm Ice Cube reborn
wrong nigga to sleep on, Rittz
[Hook: Rittz]
These mothafuckas make me laugh, they L-A-F
They lame as fuck
Look at how they dress, they L-A-F
They lame as fuck
Listen how they rap, they L-A-F
They lame as fuck
Tryna say they fresh, tryna say they tough
You ain't ever been about it, you just make shit up
