Lo' and behold
You see my foolish pride
Sometime's it's like my suicide
Ayo
A school nerd, I had glasses on my eye
All my classmates blowing weed, I'm passing on the high
Always calm now, but back then was walking to a different anthem
I had some interactions that brought on some temper tantrums
In 5th grade, see I was fighting every day
Heard Calvin yell "yo mama", so I knocked him in his face
6th grade came and that's when I hit Vincent in his nose
Got his blood on my patrol guard outfit, I went home
Now in 7th grade I'm feeling like when David met Goliath
I'm in a new school and see they test me cause I'm quiet
I'm such a nice guy but they take my kindness for weakness
So now I'm back fighting again, looking like Zebras
Earning my stripes
See all that teasing seem to stop when they learn you can fight
Looking at all these kids shoes, I was yearning for Mike's
These girls found out I could hoop, now they flirt with me nice
I was turning my dice, but then high school came and reality set
They don't use fists no more, now they're fighting with TECs
Pre-Hook
So please don't judge me, so please don't judge me
I'm just like you, I'm just like you, yeah
Please don't judge me, I promise you'd love me
If you only knew, what I've been through

[[Hook]
My foolish pride is my suicide
I'm just like you, just a fool
My foolish pride is my suicide
I'm just like you, just a fool
[Outro Skit]
Robert: You know living with you, it hasn't been easy. People see me, but they think of you. Now with all this going on, it's gonna be worth that ever

Rocky: It don't have to be

Robert: No sure it does

Rocky: Let me tell you something you already know. Somewhere along the line, you changed. You stopped being you. And when things got hard, you started looking for something to blame, like a big shadow. The wordl ain't all sunshine or rainbows. You, me or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard you hit, it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward, how much you can take and keep moving forward. Now if you know what you're worth then go on and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits, and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him or her, or anybody. Cowards do that and that ain't you. You're better than that!
