One day I'ma get it right
This life can leave you confused
What is black? What is brown?
What is up? What is down?
What is lost? What is found?
Got my head up in the clouds tryin' find solid ground
Maybe I meant to fly, mama told me I'm special
And damn right I believe that
Have I changed? ay 'joe', where the Hennessy at
I never drank before, now I'm out on tour
Mama probably be ashamed if she found out more
Over confidence, I swear I hold my liquor much better than this
But last night damn it I was reckless as shit
I started with a condom but she pulled that shit off
And I just kept goin' I just went in it raw
At the blackjack table we started our match-making
Hotel keys exchanged and next was your back breaking
And here I am in Vegas I'm gambling more than chips
I pray my dick don't fall off in the morning and I'm sick
I think I'm paranoid, I'm feeling paranoid
They lookin' at me like they know it, are they clairvoyant?
I'm back to normal in a couple days
But I repeat the same mistakes and so the trouble stays
Ay look inside my guilty conscience
When I get to heaven's doors, I ain't knockin'
It seems I'm caught in the allure, gotta get back to my humble ways
I repeat the same mistakes and so the trouble stays
Look inside my guilty conscience
When I get to heaven's doors, I ain't knockin'
It seems I'm caught in the allure, gotta get back to my humble ways
I repeat the same mistakes and so the trouble stays
One day I'ma get it right
My nigga miss his pops, he been locked for 20 years
Used to write him from the block, all his letters bout the block
He would tell him bout his peers, the niggas that was poppin'
The chemist on the block, he ain't leave em many options
And in turn he learned from em
Got in some dirt but the earth he earned from it
But Harlem to Hollis, say they coppin' the birds from em
I'm like, "Learn from it"
You headin' down the path your father did
He said, "Nigga you ain't my pops, I'm getting it how I live"
Hustler's only hustle, nigga hustlers employ their kids
The Senior out on parole, Junior just caught a bid
That's 20 more
Plenty more time, am I paranoid?
Did he make the wrong decisions? Did he have a choice?
Ain't nobody speakin' for him, do he have a voice
He ain't on my TV screen, shit, not on my city dreams
Get a HBO special, 'How to make it in America'
Facing your devils, your devils
Why you made your sun set when you made your son settle
How you live with yourself, yourself?
60 miles an hour headed for that wall
Over the edge of the cliff is all I saw
No revelations, no flashin' white lights
I'm thinkin' me and Jesus finna reunite
Cause shit, man I just totalled my car
All I'm thinkin' bout is how I'm out here chasin' bad bitches
What happened to that shy boy in all my class pictures
Lord if you hear me got a couple last wishes
I'm tryin' make it home but I'm swingin' at bad pitches
The allure, I just wanna be a better man
Get a good woman, inspire my ghetto friends
Watch me fly to Neverland, I will never land
Man, I pledge allegiance
I stand for those that can't stand for themselves
Like paralegals for paraplegics
Now I know who I am, yeah I'm quiet and stubborn
I'm more lightning than thunder, ignored advice from the dumbest
See I used to wanna be the best rapper in the booth
But the best rapper is just the best actor, so I rather give you truth
I'm 32 years old still out here on the loose
It's never too late and trust me nigga I'm the proof
Never be afraid, never be a slave to what these niggas say
Cause don't nobody know, when its your time to go
I'm chasin' dreams till I see the coffin, that's fasho
And if I die broke, then so be it my nigga
But I can guarantee that I'ma see it my nigga
They tell me that it's rarely done
And I guess that makes sense cause I'm the rarest one
