"Heres Rose for three (Buzz) Derrick Rose with another three point field goal, ends the half."
I'm MVP, and your not
I swear I'm killing these niggas, checkout the teardrop
I only aim to be the best, not the less than that
Right now I'm heading for the ring, wrestling match
And ahh, you don't go as hard as I go
I do this for my fans, and I do this for Chicago
An artist in the paint, call me Leonardo
The fans on there feet before I land on my feet
I got the sickest moves, yeah the flows ill
I drive the lane like a maniac, road kill
And if you ask me where I'm going, I'mma say HAM
Cuz I'm a monster on the court, Space Jam
Shout out to MJ I used to watch him play
Dunkin' on the lives on Mourning you Dikembe
Nothin gets past me, get your shit picked off
5,4,3,2,1 lift off
"I put a lot of hard work into my game, especially during the summer
I think that I sacrificed, and dedicated my whole summer to basketball
Um... even though it was tough, I did it. And Um... its paying off on me right now."
Yeah I'm the youngest to ever do this shit
Beasly, Simeon, I ain't new to this
First round draft pick, now I'm stupid rich
I got my city on my back, I'm so true to this
Like Larry Hoover, I got G boy
You get destroy, thats about me boy
I've been hustling, got blocks, got D boy
Boom! on a nigga with C strap with C4
Ugh, I'm raw. ain't I dope? (yeah)
Guard me boy, get your fuckin' ankles broken
Yeah, get crossed like a Christian
And I drop dimes on my gods, no snitchin'
Yeah, that boy jumper got butter like a biscuit
Now I'm seeing three like a set of fuckin' triplets
Ey I've been on niggas necks, linchin'
Check my statistics, it's a wrap, I am gifted
[Interview]
"Kid is out of this world
I mean he gots Allen Iverson speed
Jason Kidd vision
Chauncy Billups shooting
And Micheal Jordan's athleticism
How do you guard that?
We did a good job on that, hes too much."
The Bulls winnin' no bullshiting
I come and take your shit, repose
Foul me and I'mma shoot, free throws
And the name y'all fear, I'm your coaches worst nightmare
Y'all don't get me started here, you couldn't walk in my shoes if you bought a pair
And won this league, yeah you know my number
So put the game in the hands of a fly guy
And I'mma pull up and shoot, drive-by
I dunk on anybody, no body is too tall
Now everybody saying Deng, Luol
I Derrick Rose on 'em, then drop a rose on 'em
[Presenting MVP award to D. Rose]
"In a league of very valuable players. Derrick
You are the most valuable. It is my plesure
To award to you, The NBA 2010-11 MVP throphy
(Crowed chanting)
