What ever happened to free love?
I wanna know, wanna know
I wanna know, wanna know
I don't wanna wait too long
'Til I'm wrinkling and my body aching
And the newspapers move on
My freedom has no expiration
We don’t need diamonds and pearls
No, free love is not a luxury
Oh, you can fuck who you wanna fuck
You can love who you wanna love
If you're proud put your lighters up
Then can't fight this flame we're burning
What ever happened to free love?
I wanna know, wanna know
What ever happened to free love?
What’s a world where you need love to control?
What ever happened to free love?
I guess love ain’t free, there's a fee, they cut your paycheck
It’s a free country, that's unless you love the same sex
To people with no place to stay, I hope you stay blessed
You ain't gotta flex that you straight, long as you straight flex
North Carolina go on and raise up
Take your shirt off, wave it at your haters
Tried to kill Bill Clinton for that Monica Lewinsky shit
But let’s be honest, nobody out here really innocent
But lesbi-honest put parallel with Jeffrey Dahmer
Eating people, eating pussy, there's a difference, your honor
Let that man sing some soprano Pauley
Let that boy rock a dress, y'all niggas don't know how to dress
It ain't your place for an opinion, you should be opinion-less
So what's the ruckus 'bout who you love, I give an F
It’s the R-O-C-Ave Money with the S
What ever happened to free love?
I wanna know, wanna know
What ever happened to free love?
What’s a world where you need love to control?
What ever happened to free love?
You already know, we got such a long way to go
So respect my existence, if not expect my resistance
Nobody needs your permission, stop lettin' bodies hit the floor
Flow is so loco, similar to how they hate on the cocoa
If you wanna be featured don't be status quo, bro
Throwing shade on love is crazy wild
Who made you the one to judge and put my life on trial?
I got three million kids and they're crying on my shoulders
The whole wide world covers their ears to the sound
Go and fly your kids first class down to Disney
But ignore that you're walkin' on a burial ground
You’d rather wrap your son’s hands 'round the trigger of a pistol
Than catch him in the mirror with a motherfucking lipstick
Crazy white girls say they tryna free the nipple
But they quiet when somebody pulls a gun on a misfit
Whatever happened to free love, free love?
Whatever happened to free love, free love?
What's a world where you need love to control?
Whatever happened to free love?
You gotta move to Boston, Massachusetts
They legally recognize same-sex marriage
But really I'm too dopeboy
HotNewHipHop, Underground On Smash
It's 2016, the Constitution
The laws, the tones of the people, what are we doin'?
Oh, you can fuck who you wanna fuck
You can love who you wanna love
If you’re proud put your lighters up
Then can’t fight this flame we’re burning
Ay, SAVEMONEY man!
Basedworld!
If you don't like gay marriage, then nigga don't get gay married!
