Bought a drop top Porsche, about to cut the top off
Trappin' is a sport young nigga get ya knocked off
Hol' up
Turbo switchin' lanes, Hublot switch your watch
Trappin' switch the spots, when you're runnin' hot
I ran it up fast (money machine) I ran it up fast (money machine)
I ran it up fast (money machine) I ran it up fast
secure the bag first, I'm ready to boast
I secure the bag first, I'm full of that dope
Court side with a mink, Pee Wee Kirkland in the sink
Money drying in your hand, wrap the bale in Saran
Tokyo and Korea, Panamera to the Lear
Yellow metal with the gold, fishscale with these hoes
I’m drinkin’ mud,
Bought my lil’ nigga 12 slugs just to shine bright when he mug
20 pills goin’ hyphy
Turbo switchin' lanes, Hublot switch your watch
Trappin' switch the spots, when you're runnin' hot
They sound like my offsprings
Nitro gasoline
I bought a whole lot of bling
Treat me like Weezy and Baby
Treat me like Mannie and Turky
I was the Juve with work on me
Rockin’ these Prezzies and Cartier
Turbo switchin' lanes, Hublot switch your watch
Trappin' switch the spots, when you're runnin' hot
Hahahahah, ahhh, shit!
Got it all back, baby
God damn, welcome to Cap City Records internet podcast, baby
Where we make dreams come true
The first five callers that call in right now, man
We gone have you the rapper starter kit
Oh my god! It comes with the Cap City contract
Which is a 12 album, nine year deal
We gone take some calls; the boards lightin' up right now
Look, take a call, caller?

Yeah, that deal; we need that!
Yeah, we need that
Yeah, we need that shit, dat way! nigga, yeah!
(gunshot and and assault rifle sounds)
This way, nigga! Yeah!
We need that deal, nigga

What? What you say, young man?
I keep it on me!
Hold on, fella!
(gunshot and assault rifle sounds)
I'm sayin'; I can't hear you
Is there a shoot out?
What's goin' on, young fella?
Lil' Draco in this bitch!
Lil' Extendo in this bitch! yeah yeah
Yeah (gunshots)

You just won a Cap City Records contract, man
Listen here, baby
Lil' Draco! Lil' Extendo! Congratulations, baby; y'all won

Yeah, nigga, yeah
Cap City man what's up
Six months, man we got that shit
12 albums, man we got that shit
Yeah nigga, yeah
I'm finna shoot everything up
Bow bow bow bow bow
Yeah nigga, yeah what's up nigga
We need that!
