If you gang, gang, gang, that's what's up with me
Freebandz
Fire Marshall
And I keep a MAC on me like I'm Master P
Then I flip, flip, flip, flip, game over (game over)
Then I flip, flip, flip, flip, game over (game over)
Sippin' on Screw, I'm very active (flip, flip)
And I keep a MAC on me like I'm Master P
Then I flip, flip, flip, flip, game over (game over)
Then I flip, flip, flip, flip, game over (game over)
I was never in love with the Wraith
Got a new Panorama on the way
And I keep a MAC on me like I'm Master P
Then I flip, flip, flip, flip, game over (game over)
Then I flip, flip, flip, flip, game over (game over)
Host: Hahahaha, we back, baby! Yeah, listen, once again this is Got It All Cap City Podcast, internet broadcast. Our credibility and validity is in... listen, man! If you ain't fuckin' with us, man, you ain't fuckin' with the industry, man. Okay we got the next caller from Vienna. Uh oh, hello?
Woman: Hello!?
Host: Oh she from Campbellton. Okay we got our next caller from Campbellton. You are the winner! Yes!
Woman: You can hear me on the radio?
Host: Yes!
Woman: I'm finna get you a new daddy, fuckin' we gonna get me a baller, fuckin'....
Host: Yes, you have won the one and only Cap City baller rapper kit
Woman: And I've been workin' too, man, I've been drinkin' this, some flat tummy, see, so I can get me a baller
Host: Okay the flat, but listen, baby, you have somethin' more important than a flat tummy, you are gonna win a lifetime supply of the Asian Kung Pao saran wrap condoms
Woman: Ooh I need them
Host: Yes they're guaranteed to pop. And look we're also gonna throw in, listen, this is special. We got the two millimeter geo globe tracking device system so you can...
Woman: So I'ma know how to pull up on him to tell him this his baby too
Host: Yes, yes, yes, baby! That is free game from Cap City Records, baby, we appreciate you callin', we gon' put you on hold
Woman: Hold on, hold on you did not tell them to follow me on Instagram, I'm tryna get my followers up
Host: Uh huh okay tell 'em where to follow you at
Woman: Y'all, please, ballers only, dudes who got the bag, who got the check, I need all y'all to follow me on T Hot Pocket underscore—y'all got that?
Host: Yeah okay we got it
Woman: I said it real slow so make sure y'all got that
Host: We got that, baby, we got that, baby
Woman: Follow me! What's up!?
Host: Okay Cap City Records
Woman: Ballers only, no broke niggas
Host: Okay but Cap City, we gon' to break, go to break!
