Yea! This nigga think we hoez or somethin', my nigga!
Sheeeit, man what the... lemme talk to the mo'fucka. How hard we really mo'fuckin is in this biaaaatch
... nah'm sayin?
Fuccnigga... sheit man, ole punk ass security guards throw me out the club nigga...
That don't mean nuthin nigga!
I'm gon fuck this nigga up, my nigga!
Sheeeeit, lemme show this mo'fucca how hard this shit really is!!!
So I'm outside of da club and you think I'm a puuuuuuuunk
So I go to my loaded tech 9 that's off in the truuuuuuuunk
I ain't never scared (eastside!)
I ain't never scared (westside!)
I ain't never scared (southside!)
I ain't never scared (northside!)
I ain't never scared (southside!)
I ain't never scared (eastside!)
I ain't never scared (westside!)
Let a choppa go plaow, to your melon
Now the plasma is oozing out of yo cerebellum
AttenCHUNNNNN!
Fucknigga, now you swellin'!
You ain't talkin hardcore, now is ya? Lil' bitch!
Got'em runnin scared of a... BIGGA NIGGA!
Cuz I put the heat to his ummm... HILFIGER!
Now on dat drank and on some of dat dank
My pistols gettin' thirsty now it needs another drank
[Verse 2: Killer Mike]
I got a hot 4 fever
call that bitch Bonita
Knock the apple off any bum
she take blood by the liter
I'll never leave her, my vicious vixen
On liquor,
send dat ass to God quicker
No matter yo religion, you Muslim, Hebrew or Christian
She indiscriminate with punishment, she send'em missin'
My gun's my favorite bitch and
And she got permanent PMS so she stay bitchin!
No, I ain't bad, just don't kiss no ass or take shit
And I'm a grown man, find you somebody to play with
If you'on like me when you see me, better not say shit
I'll choke yo ass out like Dre did that bitch
You better tell these pussies they ain't fucking with no rookie
I'm a Bankhead nigga, I'll take yo cookiez!
Like, hope for the best, but I'on think he gon make it
Not the way he was shiverin and shakin on the pavement
I'll tell you wha, if you make it, call'em grace cuz he amazin
Find out these verses wasn't the only thang blazing
