I shall not fear no man but God
Though I walk through the valley of death
I shed so many tears
If I should die before I wake
Please God walk with me
Grab a nigga and take me to Heaven
Back in elementary, I thrived on misery
Left me alone I grew up amongst a dying breed
Inside my mind couldn't find a place to rest
Until I got that Thug Life tatted on my chest
Tell me can you feel me
I'm not living in the past, you wanna last?
Be the first to blast
Remember Kato
No longer with us; he's deceased
Call on the sirens, seen him murdered in the streets, now rest in peace
Is there heaven for a G? Remember me
So many homies in the cemetery, shed so many tears
[Refrain]
I!, I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears...
Lord!, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears
Now that I'm struggling in this business, by any means
Label me greedy gettin' green, but seldom seen
And fuck the world cause I'm cursed, I'm having visions
Of leaving here in a hearse, God can you feel me?
Take me away from all the pressure and all the pain
Show me some happiness again, I'm going blind
I spend my time in this cell, ain't living well
I know my destiny is Hell Where did I fail?
My life is in denial and when I die
Baptized in eternal fire, shed so many tears
[Refrain]
Lord!, I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears...
Lord!, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears
Now I'm lost and I'm weary, so many tears
I'm suicidal so don't stand near me
My every move is a calculated step, to bring me closer
To embrace an early death, now there's nothing left
There was no mercy on the streets, I couldn't rest
I'm barely standing, bout to go to pieces, screamin' peace
And though my soul was deleted, I couldn't see it
I had my mind full of demons trying to break free
They planted seeds and they hatched, sparking the flame
Inside my brain like a match, such a dirty game
No memories, just a misery
Painting a picture of my enemies killing me, in my sleep
Will I survive 'til the mornin' to see the sun
Please Lord forgive me for my sins, cause here I come
[Refrain]
Lord! (God!), I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears...
God!, I lost so many peers
And Lord knows I tried, been a witness to homicide
Seen drive-bys takin' lives, little kids die
Wonder why as I walk by
Broken-hearted as I glance at the chalk line, getting high
This ain't the life for me, I wanna change
But ain't no future bright for me, I'm stuck in the game
I'm trapped inside a maze
See this Tanqueray influenced me to getting crazy
Disillusioned lately, I've been really wanting babies
So I could see a part of me that wasn't always shady
Don't trust my lady cause she's a product of this poison
I'm hearing noises, think she's fuckin' all my boys, can't take no more
I'm fallin' to the floor; beggin' for the Lord to let me in
To Heaven's door -- Shed so many tears
[Refrain]
Lord!, lost so many peers, and shed so many tears..
I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears..
Lord!, I suffered many years, and shed so many tears..
God!, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears
