(Haha, what you say?)
Who you callin' rapist?
Ain't that a bitch
You devils are so two faced
Wanna see me locked in chains, dropped in shame
And gettin' stalked by these crooked cops again
Fuckin' with the young Black male, tryin' to stack bail
And um, stay away from the packed jails
I told the judge I'm in danger
And that's why I had that four-five with one in the chamber
Fuck the world!
They tryna say that I don't care
I woke up screamin' "Fuck the world!"
They tryna say that I don't care
Just woke up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
They tryna say that I don't care
Uhh, I woke up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
They're tryna say that I don't care
Just got up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
When I was comin' up rough that wasn't even what you called it
That's why I smoke blunts now and run with alcoholics
I'm gettin' flex to me, comin' from my enemies
And in their dreams it's hell where they sendin' me
Have I lost control or just another soul?
A car full of motherfuckers when we roll
Sippin' on yak as I sit back
Life as a big mack
Brothers come up and say "you did that?"
Never take your eyes off the prize
and even if you gettin' high
Don't ever hesitate to try
Cause you can fall off or stay ballin',
niggas we all in
And them my motherfuckers callin'
Fuck the world!
They tryna say that I don't care
Woke up screamed "Fuck the world!"
They tryna say that I don't care
Just woke up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
They tryna say that I don't care
I got up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
They're tryna say that I don't care
I woke up and screamed "Fuck the world!"
(Man, Fuck the world)
Damn, they wanna label me a menace
Cause I'm sittin' here sippin' on Guinness
Weighin' 165 and these tricks should die
For being jealous of a brother when he rise
I can see it in your eyes, you wanna see a young playa fallin'
They hate to see a nigga ballin'
Some of you suckers is rotten, plottin' on what I got
And then you wonder why I shot him (Booyeah)
Stop givin' game for free, you wanna hang with me
Like being a thug is the thang to be
But I got love for my homies, the G's and macks
And if you're black, you better stay strapped
Nigga, Fuck the world!
Haha, Fuck the world!
Fuck it
I hear my niggas screamin' "Fuck the world"
They wanna know if I claim the clique that I'm hangin' with
And if I'm down with this bangin' shit
Well homie I don't give a fuck if you Blood or Cuz
Long as you got love for thugs
But don't try to test me out, stall that
Homie this is Thug Life nigga and we all strapped
I been through hell and back and if I fail, black
Then it's back to the corner where we sell crack
Some of you niggas is bustas, you runnin' round
With these tramp-ass bitches, don't trust her
But don't cry, this world ain't prepared for us
A straight thug motherfucker who ain't scared to bust
Fuck the world!
