"Yo man, what's up, this riding motherfucker
Jack me at rollin' 'round bumping
’Cause music's too loud, you know what I'm sayin'?"
Motherfucking cop just jacked me 'cause I was drinking beer in Mill Valley"
I don't give a fuck
While this cop's bragging about the nigga he's jackin'
The cabs, they don't wanna stop for a brother, man
But damn near have an accident to pick up another man
The way they see it, we was meant to be kept down
Just can't understand why we getting respect now
Mama told me there'd be days like this
But I'm pissed, cause it stays like this
And now they're trying to ship me off to Kuwait?
Cause this is the day we make 'em pay
Fuck bailing hay, I better spray with an AK
And even if they shoot me down
There'll be another nigga bigger from the mothafuckin' underground
So step but you better step quick
Cause the clock's going tick and I'm sick of the bullshit
Who's that behind the trigger?
Who do you think? A mothafucking 90's nigga
Ready to buck and rip shit up, I had enough!
(Yeah) And I just Don't Give a Fuck
Nigga, it ain't just the blacks
It's also a gang of motherfuckers dressed in blue slacks
They say niggas hang in packs and they attitudes is shitty
They say we niggas like to do niggas
So me an' a cop are just two niggas
A street walking nigga and a beat walking nigga
With a badge, I end his future and his past
With a blast take his cash before I dash I bash his head in
Dump him at the dead end and that's just his luck
Cause a nigga like P, don't really give a fuck
Walked in the store, what's everybody staring at?
They act like they never seen a motherfucker wearing black
Following a nigga and shit - ain't this a bitch?
All I wanted was some chips
’Cause who in the hell cares?
Your daughter is my number one fan
And your trife-ass wife wants a life with a black man
So who's the mack, in fact who's the black jack?
Sit back and get fat off the fat cat
I bust a move as smooth as Casanova
And if you look between the lines you'll find a rhyme
As strong as a fucking nine
They know we fed up; but they just Don't Give a Fuck

They just don't give a fuck
I gotta give my fuck offs
Fuck you to the San Francisco Police Department
Fuck you to the Marin County Sheriff's Department
Fuck you to the FBI
Fuck you to the CIA
Fuck you to the B-U-S-H
Fuck you to the Ameri-K-K-Ka
Fuck you to all you redneck prejudice motherfuckers
That wanna fuck with me, fuck y'all!
Punk gay sensitive little dick bastards
2Pacalypse motherfuckerin' now
