First I want to say, Peace to my mother. She’s not here, but I gotta give a peace out to her. Because I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for my mother.
that’s what my mother did
put the thoughts in our brains
Because we didn’t get any of that history from any of those soldiers that we lost--we got none of that.
all went to jail
We didn’t see none of that knowledge. If it was not for my mother, who stayed home and didn’t go out and do all that, then I wouldn’t have had shit
So, what I want to do, hopefully, is, I want to be--
I am
Tupac Shakur
I have to be a reminder that it ain’t time to cool out, banquets and all that
it’s still on
It’s on just like it was when you were young. And you want to say “fuck that” just like you said “fuck that” back then. So how come now that I’m 20 years old, ready to start some shit up, everybody’s telling me to calm down. You know, don’t curse,
go to school, go to college
We’ve had colleges for a while now
there’re still Brenda’s out there
trapped
irked [laughs]
because I understand that it’s not gonna stop. It’s not gonna stop until we stop it.
And it’s not just white men that’s doing this to Brenda, and it’s not just white men that’s keeping us trapped. It’s black, you know what I’m sayin’?
new African
Because if we keep running around looking for black and who got the most colors on and who got the baddest
dashiki
on, we still gonna get--and excuse my language--fucked.
has to get clean
This is somebody I watched travel the whole country, during the time when women were scared to speak up for the
Black Panthers
spoke at Harvard, Yale, everywhere
I see my mother as what’s really going on
So about all this, I take that lightly. I take all this lightly.
What I want you to take seriously is what we have to do for the youth, because we coming up in a totally different world. This is not the same world that you had. This is not the 60s, this is not that.
You grew up B.C.--before crack
We did not grow up with our parents
You had parents, that told you this and that and this is what went on back in the day. Now do you don’t have that.
You have young kids, fourteen, coming home and their mama’s smoking out, or doing it to their best friend to get the product. You understand what I’m saying?
So that means, it’s not just about you taking care of your child;
it’s about you taking care of these children
It hurts that--no, it bothers me, not hurts--that I have to sidestep my youth to stand up and do some shit that somebody else supposed to be doing.
It ain’t my turn yet
I can’t go to college; it’s too much problems out here. I don’t got the money, nobody do.
like Harriet Tubman did
the real Malcolm, before the Nation of Islam. You gotta remember: this was a pimp, a pusher and all that
We forgot about all that. In our striving to be enlightened, we forgot about all our brothers in the street, about all our dope dealers, our pushers and our pimps, and that’s who’s teaching the next generation. Because y’all not doing it! I’m sorry
it’s the pimps and the pushers who’s teaching us
just wanted to go to college
You take this product, you switch it, you make money, and that’s how you beat the white man
You get money, and you get the hell up outta here.” Nobody else did that. So I don’t want to hear shit about nobody telling me who I can’t love and respect until you start doing what they did
Mecca
This is the black family--I see it here. But what makes it that much sadder, what makes me wanna cry is that, soon as I leave here, so does Mecca. We going back to the real deal.
Right out there, you gonna see them same sisters in Brenda, they right out there. And y’all gonna get in y’all’s cars and drive the fuck home.
I apologize
you can’t be no more offended by my cursing than what’s really going on
You letting them say that the rappers ain’t real, and either gotta be the ‘intelligent person’ or you a ‘gutter person.’
We all feel it like y’all feel it.  I just can’t hold a straight face when I see it.
This is proof that we can be together. The young black male is the future of us. And the young black sister is the future of us.
It’s gonna be what you put into it. So if you don’t put shit into it,
don’t get mad when we blow up
