I never had a father figure
I was raised by the thugs and the drug dealers
- That's why I love niggas !
Until they place me in my casket, guess I'll be a hopeless bastard
Gettin' high in the back, plastered
Can't nobody make a way for me - times is hard
On a nigga, mama pray for me
I'm smokin' weed for the stress and drinkin' for the pain
From the strain on the young brothers brain
And trust me, I'll probably be the last to preach
Cause ain't no hope for the future if they asking me
And what my poppa never told me -
You see I learned from the kindness of strangers and homies
But all the homies in the hood told me: nigga it's all good..
And muthafuck Hollywood !
For tryna shut a real nigga down, stayin' true to the game
Fuck the fame, I still won't change
R U Still Down ?
[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Now up and at em it's on, I was raised to be strong
And mama told me be a thug since the day I was born
I came up out the gutter never changed my style
Got for real about my papers, cause the game was wild
And the fame was a plot to try to change me-ee
And what's strange is nobody knew my name 'fore it came
Now the whole world is calling me a killer
And all I ever did - was try to reach the kids with the real
All the time I was ballin', never heard my friends callin'
Couldn't stop myself from fallin', I'm all in
Shit's gettin' sleazy, believe me
Best to take what ya need, but don't be greedy
Cause in my mind I see sunshine, I thought
I didn't have to run, now i'm duckin' from the gun yellin': one time-ee
Take your time to feel my record, and if you did
Chill a second, my blind method, will still wreck it
My young homies stay strong
I wonder if they'll listen to a nigga when he gone ?
R U Still Down ?

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I'm gettin' high, so a nigga think he touch the sky
Turn tough inside, in the rush to die
Livin' life as a thug time to face the truth
What's goin' on with the wasted youth ?
Please God, come and.. save me
Had to work with what ya gave me
They got a nigga goin' crazy
I can't read the signs.. i'm blind
But a nigga know he need his nine, cause times
They ain't what they used to be
Ain't a penitentiary built..
Big enough for me and my niggas on the streets
Man listen ! cause these ain't the old days
Ain't no way I'mma bustin my ass and gettin no pay
It seems I can't find my focus, and homey I ain't paranoid
I seen the future and it's hopeless
Lord knows, its hard on a young scrub
It seems I had less problems when I slung drugs
But since I'm lacin young brothers with the game
Wanna see me locked in chains and tryin' to dirty up my name
And them same motherfuckers that was callin' me
Will be the first to turn their backs, when I'm fallin', see ?
I should have seen it from the jump, but now it's clear
One nigga got the town in fear
R U Still Down ?
