I would share the definition of ballin’
With you white folks, but no
The game is to be sold not told, so fuck you
[Hook: Sample]
I'm up before the sunrise, first to hit the block
Little bad muthafucka’ with a pocket full of rocks
Learn to throw them thangs
get my skinny little ass kicked
And niggas laugh til the first muthafucka’ got blasted
I put that nigga in his casket
Now they covering the bastard in plastic
I smoke blunts on the regular
buck when it counts
I'm trying to make a million dollars out a quarter-ounce
And getting ghost on the 5-0
Fuck them hoes
Got a .45, screaming out survival
Hey nigga, can I lay low? Cook some yay-yo
Holla "one-time" when I say so
Don't wanna to go to the pen, I'm hitting fences
NARCs on a nigga's back, missing me by inches
And they say: "how do you survive weighing 165
In a city where the skinny niggas die?"
Tell Mama "don't cry"
Cause even when they kill me
They can never take the game from a young G
I'm Str8 ballin'!
[Hook: Sample]x2
I'm still on parole, but I'm the first nigga serving
Pour some liquor on the curb for my niggas that deserve it
But if I want to make a million, gotta stay dealing
It's kinda booming round the way and today I'll make a killing
Dressing down like I’m dirty, but only on the block
It's a clever disguise to keep me running from the cops
I'm getting high, I think I'll die if I don't get no ends
I'm in a bucket, but I’m riding it like it's a Benz
I hit the strip, let my music bump
Drinking liquor and I'm looking for some hoes to fuck
Rather die making money than live poor and legal
As I slang another ounce, I wish it was a kilo
I need money in a major way
Time to fuck my beyach! Ha! And getting paid
You other muthafuckers crawlin'
But me and my muthafuckin' thug niggas
We str8 ballin'!!!
[Hook: Sample]x2
Look here, y'all know what time it is
This the part where y'all loc up
Know what I'm sayin'?
Doing 55, nigga, do time
The police right behind
They can't see me
Damned if I don't, and damned if a nigga do
So watch a young motherfucker pull a trigger just to raise up!
But don't let them see you cry, dry your eyes
Young nigga, time to do or die
I keep a pistol in my pocket, ready
On my block ain't no time for a nigga to even cock shit
And ain't a damned thing changed
You shaking the dice, now roll em
If you can't stand pain, better hold em
Cause ain't no telling what you might roll
You might fold, catch AIDS from a slight cold Nigga
Best to live your life to the fullest
Be quick to kill the bull
Got a pistol, motherfucker, better pull it
Cause even when they kill me, they can never
Take the game from a young G. We st8 ballin'!
[Hook: Sample]x2
Fuck that small-time nickel-and-dime shit
If you gonna do it, do it nigga
If you want it, pursue it!
We can handle the shit
It's time for niggas to stay ballin'!
We made this muthafucka!
For who?
To my niggas in the penitentiary
Loc up like a motherfucka when they mention me
And, once again, it's on
I'm in the projects, parlaying with my posse
I keep my Glock cocked
cause they all shady
And I came up a long way from food stamps
And taking shit from these low-life ghetto tramps
