[Intro: George Clinton]
The blind stares of a million pairs of eyes
Looking hard, but won't realize
That they will never see the P!
Give me my money in stacks
And lace my bitches with dime figures
Real niggas fingers on nickel-plated 9 triggers
Must see my enemies defeated
I catch 'em while they coked up and weeded
Open fire, now them niggas bleeding
See me in flesh and test and get your chest blown
Straight out the West, don't get blown
Open and shut like doors
Is you a friend or foe?
They got me stressed out on Death Row
I've seen money, but baby, I've gots to get mo'
You screaming: "Go 2Pac!"
And I ain't stopping 'til I'm well-paid
Bail's paid now nigga look what hell made
Visions of cops and sirens, niggas open fire
Thug Life niggas
on the rise, until I die
The stares of a million pairs of eyes
And you'll never realize
You can't see me
Been getting word that these square motherfuckers with nerves
Saying they can get with us, but picture me getting served
My own mama say I'm thugged out
My shit be bumping out the record store as if it was a drug house
My lyrics bang like a Crip or Blood
Nigga what! It ain't nothing but a party when we thug
And there I was, a young nigga with heart
Ain't had shit to lose
Pullin' my pistol on them fools
you know the rules
D-R-E you got me heated
My words like a penitentiary dick
Hitting bitches where it's most needed
Money and weed,
Alize and Hennessy
To my thug niggas in lock down: witness me
Bail on these hoes in floss-mode
The life of a boss playa, fuck what you thought, though
Which way did he go, George?
Which way did he go?
Oh!! which way did he go?
Which way did he go?
You niggas made a mistake
You should've never put my rhymes with Dre
Them thug niggas have arrived and it's judgement day
I can make a motherfucker shake, rattle n' roll
I'm full of liquor, thug nigga
And I can make you jealous niggas famous
Fuck around with 2Pac and see how good a nigga's aim is
I'm just a rich motherfucker from the way
If this rapping bring me money, then I'm rapping 'til I'm paid
I'm getting green like I'm supposed to
Nigga, I holla at these hoes and see how many I can go through
Look to the star, and visualize my debut
Niggas know me, player, I gotta stay true
Don't be a dumb motherfucker cause it's crazy after dark
Where the true thug-niggas see your heart
Yo, check this out: stay off his dick
Don't believe everything you read!
Dr. Dre all day, 2Pac
I dedicate this to you punk motherfuckers!
This one's for you, BIG baby
bitch-ass niggas
Right between your eyes and you'll never realize
Visualize what you can't see
