Ah, yeah! Hahaha
(Yeah!)
It's all about you, one time!
(I'ma say it's all about you, baby, yeah!)
Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you
It's all about you!
(This Dru Down in the house
With my boy 'Pizznac, you know what I'm sayin'?)
It's all about you
(Yeah, I'm gon' say it's all about you
But you know I'm lyin' though, hah! Yeah)
You probably crooked as the last trick
Want to laugh about how I got my ass caught up
With this bad bitch?
Thinkin' I had her, but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck, I'm stuck with fuckin' with the wrong one
Wise decisions, based on lies
we livin'
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin' with a thug
Instead you with this
weak scrub
lookin' for some love
In every club, I see you starin' like you want it
Well, baby, if you got it, better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin' these walls as I pause,
I try to holla, but you tell me you taken
Sayin' you ain't impressed with the money I'm makin'
Guess it's true what they tellin' me
Fresh out of jail, life's hell for a black celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you with it
Fantasies of us sweatin', can I hit it?
Addicted to the things you do
But still true what I'm sayin', boo, ‘cause this is all about you
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Yeah, nigga
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
I make a promise if you go with me, just let me know
I'll have you hollerin' my name out before I leave
I only hung out with the criminals and drug dealers
I love niggas, ‘cause we comin' from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie
See how quick the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa? And I don't even care
Creep low, weed smoke's in the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
Waitin' for niggas at the end of every show
I just seen you in my friend's video
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin' through
It's all about you, yeah, nigga, it's all about you
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Is you sick from the dick, or is it the flu?
It ain't about you or your bitch-ass crew
Every other city we go and every video
Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty ho
You think it's all about you? Well,
You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Gold diggin', cold diggin' a gold Rolex
I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cuts, I came to fuck, try skeezin' me
Runnin' up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch
From the West Coast to West Virginia
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
[Outro: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
I'm tellin' ya, it's the same old shit
I mean, goddamn, you know what I'm sayin'?
I'm sittin' back, watchin' Montell Jordan video
I see the same bitch who was in my homeboy Nate Dogg video,
then I flip the channel
I'm checkin' out my homeboy 2Pac video
I see the same bitch that was in my video, you knahmsayin'?
And then, you nahmsayin', what make that even mo' fucked up, I'm watchin' a
Million Man March
And I see the same bitch, on the Million Man March
That was in the homeboy
Warren G
video
I mean, damn, everywhere I look
Everywhere I go, I see the same ho'
Don't get mad, I'm only bein' real,
yeah
