Hey 'Pac, it's yo' boy
Hey man so far I've been listenin' to your album
And I ain't heard nuttin you could kick back and smoke a beadie to
You know?
Yeah like that
Some of that mellow shit
Some of that shit that make bitches drink
Make niggas think
And help you check a fat-ass bank, hahah
So why don't you kick some of that shit, nigga only you know how
Hahahah, feel me?
I'm barely standin', and plus my secondhand say it's midnight
Some Alize and Cristal guaranteed to get right
Like misdemeanors is a small thang
With DJ Quik in this bitch, I let my balls hang
Runnin' through the street lights, cause we like
Yo' nigga get your mob on show 'em what a G like
Around the corner it's like Vegas, or better yet like Reno
Niggas poppin', welcome to our casino, cause you and me know
Hundred percent like a C-note
Lookin' for a bitch that's half-black and Filipino
And when I meet her I'ma offer her some Indo
Tongue-kissin' on the window of a pearl white limo
Don't wanna be your man, I'm your nigga
Touch me here, I'll get bigger
While I'm diggin' I'll get deep into your liver
I'm game type
Love fuckin' bitches in the same night
My words are aphrodisiacs if you say 'em right
The club be poppin' so I'm stoppin' at the Fat Burger
Look through the paper it's another black crack murder
The city's full of surprises, you can live or you can die
You can fuck on the first night, or try
In the late night
"Last night.. last night changed it all"
"I don't give a fuck, where you gon' be. Be home by eleven!"
"Last night.. last night changed it all"
Around my way we lamp, many styles get cramped
I clock rocks in the rain 'til my socks is damp
Sit on the Row of Death straight knowin' that I'm blessed
Deadly as AIDS
Bringin' the gun play for all these beefs and battles
"Last night.. last night changed it all"
"Last night.. last night changed it all"
The life of a California star, and when you see me
In the drop-top Jag', how many niggas wanna be me?
Cause when you gettin' some riches, watch for dumb bitches
They have you labelled a rapist before you get to tongue-kissin'
It's a mean world nigga you strapped
My army fatigues made for battle
pockets full of ammo
Too many done died from semis, so now we automatic
I disappear whenever heated
Supply long as you motherfuckers buy
My homies rolled by in a bucket, but they ain't short and duckin'
"Last night.. last night changed it all"
"Last night.. last night changed it all"
