Big Syke, Newt, Hank, Beugard, Big Sur
Y'all know how this shit go
I bet you got it twisted, you don't know who to trust
So many playa-hatin' niggas tryin' to sound like us
Say they ready for the funk, but I don't think they knowin'
Straight to the depths of hell is where those cowards goin'
Well, are you still down? Nigga, holla when you see me
And let these devils be sorry for the day they finally free me
I got a caravan of niggas every time we ride
Hittin' motherfuckers up when we pass by
The futures in my eyes, 'cause all I want is cash and thangs
A five-double-oh Benz,
flauntin' flashy rings
Uhh, bitches pursue me like a dream
Been known to disappear
Before your eyes just like a dope fiend
It seems, my main thang was to be major paid
The game sharper than a motherfuckin' razor blade
Say money bring bitches, bitches bring lies
One nigga's gettin' jealous, and motherfuckers die
Depend on me like the first and fifteenth
They might hold me for a second
But these punks won't get me
We got four niggas, in low riders, and ski masks
Screamin' THUG LIFE every time they pass; all eyes on me
So much trouble in the world, nigga
Can't nobody feel your pain
The world's changin' everyday, time's movin' fast
I'm caught between my woman
And my pistol and my chips
Triple beam, got some smokers on, whistle as I dip
I'm lost in the land, with no plan, livin' life flawless
Crime boss, contraband, let me toss this
Needy hookers got a lot of nerve
Let my bucket swerve, I'm takin' off from the curb
The nervousness neglect make me pack a TEC
Devoted to servin' this, Moët and pay checks
Like Akai satellite, nigga, I'm forever ballin'
My devotion is handlin' my business, nigga, keep on coastin'
What can I do? What can I say? Is there another way?
The feds is watchin', niggas plottin' to get me
Will I survive? Will I die?
Come on, let's picture the possibility
Givin' me charges, lawyers makin' a grip
I told the judge I was raised wrong
And that's why I blaze shit
Was hyper as a kid,
cold as a teenager
On my mobile, callin' big shots on the scene major
Packin' hundreds in my drawers; fuck the law!
Bitches, I fuck with a passion, I'm livin' rough and raw
Catchin' cases at a fast rate, ballin' in the fast lane
Hustle 'til the mornin', never stopped until the cash came
Keep your head up,
Up in the Benz, burnin' rubber
The money is mandatory, the hoes is for the stress
This criminal lifestyle, equipped with a bulletproof vest
Make sure your eyes is on the mill ticket
Get your money, motherfucker
Let's get rich and we'll kick it; all eyes on me
Pay attention, my niggas!
See how that shit go?
Nigga walk up in this motherfucker
And it be like, "Bing!"
Cops, bitches, every-motherfuckin'-body
He he he, it's like what they think
I'm walkin' around with some ki's in my pocket or somethin'
They think I'm goin' back to jail
They really on that dope
Y'all got me under surveillance, huh?
