Boss of all bosses, Makaveli
Menacin' methods, label me a lethal weapon
Makin' niggas die witnessin' breathless imperfections
Can you picture my specific plan?
To be the man in this wicked land
Underhanded hits are planned
These scams are plotted over grams and rocks
Outlaw motherfuckers die by the random shots
We all die in the end, so revenge we swore
I was all about my ends; fuck friends and foes!
Me, a born leader, never leave the block without my heater
Got me a dog and named her "my bitch nigga eater"
What could they do to me, you lil' brat?
Shit, them niggas that shot me
Is still terrified I'll get they ass
How can I show you how I feel inside?
Niggas talk a lot of shit, but that's after I'm gone
‘Cause they fear me in my physical form
Let it be known I'm troublesome
[Hook]
La la la la, la, la
La, la-la la, lahhh
Gutter ways, my mentality is ghetto
We guerrilla in this criminal war, we all rebels
Death before dishonor, bet I bomb on first
Niggas knew we came for murder, pullin' up in a hearse
Westside was the war cry,
bustin' off freely
Screamin', "Fuck all y'all niggas!" in Swahili
Pistol packin', fresh out of jail, I ain't goin' back
Release me to the care of my heartless strap
Say my name three times like Candyman
Bet I roll on yo' ass like an avalanche
A sole survivor, learned to get high and pull drive-by's
Murder my foes, can't control my 9
Hearin' thoughts of my enemies pleadin' please
Busta-ass motherfuckers tried to flee
Picture me lettin' this chump survive
Ran up on his ass, when I dumped he died
‘Cause I'm troublesome
[Hook]
La la la la, la, la
La, la-la la, lahhh
Young, strapped, and I don't give a fuck
I'm hopeless
I live the Thug Life, losin' my focus, ba-baby
I'm troublesome, ha ha
Bad Boy killa, there is no one realer
What you saw
Was the rough, rugged and raw: Outlaw!
"Murder murder" my mind state, shit ain't changed
Since my last rhyme: the crime rate ain't decline
Niggas bustin' shots like they lost they mind
Like 25 to life never crossed they mind
Tell me young nigga never learned a thang
Dead at thirteen ‘cause he yearned to bang
Sent a lot of flowers, but how could I cry?
Tried to warn the little nigga, "Either stop or die."
Mercy is for the weak, when I speak I scream
Afraid to sleep; I'm havin' crazy dreams
Vivid pictures of my enemies, family times
God to forgive me ‘cause it's wrong, but I plan to die
Either take me in Heaven and understand I was a sheep
Did the best I could, raised in insanity
Or send me to Hell, ‘cause I ain't beggin' for my life
Ain't nothin' worse than this cursed-ass hopeless life
I'm troublesome
[Hook]
La la la la, la, la
La, la-la la, lahhh
In your wildest dreams you couldn't picture a nigga like me
I'm troublesome… like my nigga Napoleon said, nigga
Somebody gotta explain why I ain't got shit
Makaveli the Don, the Boss of all bosses
Mussolini, E.D.I. Amin, Hussein Fatal
Kadafi, Kastro, Napoleon, Po-Nitty
Haha, we ain't fuckin' around
Haha, we troublesome
Ayo, ha ha, we troublesome, I ain't goin', HA HAH
Young Kastro, the first to blast, the last one to dash
Fuck you niggas! Outlawz! Ha hah!
