Yo, I heard you got beat up by the police
Got a big fat lawsuit and everything
Yeah..
Niggas just wanna know
If you still gon' be on some crooked-ass nigga shit
Please tell me what's a nigga to do, and it's true
Ain't nuttin new, so I do, what I can to get through
Now first they had me trapped and now I'm pissed
A loaded AK-47 lay under my head so I don't trip
One motherfucker from the Underground
And Big Stretch buckin' niggas if they fuck around
Yo why I got beef with police?
Ain't that a bitch, the motherfuckers got a beef with me
They make it hard for me to sleep
I wake up at the slightest peep, and my sheets are
3 feet deep
I guess it's hard for you to see
But now I'm pointin' the finger at police
Instead of them motherfuckers blamin' me
I got the right to bear a pistol
And when the punk motherfuckers get to trippin' I got shit too
And maybe then you'll see the truth
But until then, I gotta do what I do
It's all up to you, but until then I gotta do what I do
And stay a crooked nigga too
And maybe then you'll see the truth; OOOH!
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too
It's all up to you, but until then I gotta do what I do
And stay a crooked nigga too
2Pac'll spark a revolution
fuck the Constitution
I want my bucks for restitution
This time you got a bigger problem
Time to face the niggas from South Central, Oakland, Brooklyn and Harlem
And we ain't shootin' at each other (fuck no!)
That's my motherfuckin' brother, so Dave Duke, run for cover
I don't drink St. Ides (fuck that!)
Genuine Draft, ganja ganja, and my fuckin' TEC-9
They know they scared to see us sober
(ahhhhhhh) Cobra, and niggas'll take the world over
It's all up to you (up to you)
Blame the Korean.. (fuck that) or be a crooked nigga too
It's all up to you, but until then I gotta do what I do
And stay a crooked nigga too
And maybe then you'll see the truth; OOOH!
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too
It's all up to you, but until then I gotta do what I do
And stay a crooked nigga too
Why me? Play like Jasmine Guy and try me
And it's the Rebel and the Devil, and one of us is goin' to Hell
I got the whole place covered, with loc'd out brothers
And nuttin but love for each other
see it's cool to shoot a nigga
But they hate it when we pop the cops
That's when they gettin' petrol
You better watch your step or you'll be left on death row
But I learn to look ahead of me
Stay strapped watch your back keep your eyes on the enemy
You can't fuck with the crew, of crooked nigga too
It's all up to you, but until then I gotta do what I do
And stay a crooked nigga too
And maybe then you'll see the truth, OOOH!
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too
It's all up to you, but until then I gotta do what I do
And stay a crooked nigga too
