Oh I posted bail? I'm out this motherfucker? I can go?!
Aw, fuck y'all! Ay fuck the judge!
Fuck the motherfuckin' district attorney, the prosecutor
And fuck you motherfuckers in the jury box, fuck all y'all!
Cause I'm out on motherfuckin' bail
Y'all ain't never gon' see me in this motherfucker again
Drop that shit L G
Niggas ain't goin' back to court, you stank ass bitches
I'd be out on bail, if I had a good attorney
Want to label me a criminal and cuff me up
Got a record so they put me with the baddest bunch
Everybody wanna talk cause I'm rappin', they askin' me what happened
Is it true you did a flick with Janet Jackson?
I can't sleep! they takin' Polaroids
Man I wish I had my Glock, cause it's major
I'm makin' shanks out the plastic in razors
These motherfuckers won't leave me alone, that's my word
'Bout to turn a violation to a motherfuckin' murder
I'm makin' co-llect calls to my ol' bitches
Send mo' pictures, and make me some mo' riches
To all the suckers on the block, talkin' shit while I was locked up
Be prepared to get socked up
Cause the game is deep, and the fame is brief
I came straight up out the gutter, I was saved from hell
And I'm a thug, I was raised in jail, now I'm out on bail
Out on bail) You know what fuckin' time it is
I'm out on bail (thug life nigga) 50,000 BEYOTCH! I'm out on bail
(Out on bail) Hand me some motherfuckin' cold 40's in this bitch nigga
Cause I'm out on bail (thug life nigga)
Ay pass me my motherfuckin' Rolex
Yes bitch, that's a Presidential
I'm stuck in jail, and mad as a bitch
And fuck the punk police and they chokeholds
Mobbin' in the park after dark when I start shit
Rippin' up the scene as a teen I was at it, hey
And sellin' product to the addicts cause they gotta have it
I was a well-known thug and I got a lot of love
Hangin' out with the O.G.'s,
And momma told me, don't hang with the homies
But they got me if they need me, then it's on g
Got my bitches on the outside, writin' me letters
And they tell me they love me, and the shit'll get better
I don't believe 'em cause I just got the news on the wire
I gotta be a player so I stay strong
Out on bail) You know what fuckin' time it is
I'm out on bail (thug life nigga) 50,000 BEYOTCH! I'm out on bail
(Out on bail) Hand me some motherfuckin' cold 40's in this bitch nigga
Cause I'm out on bail (thug life nigga)
Ay pass me my motherfuckin' Rolex
Yes bitch, that's a Presidential
This is for my fuckin' nigga 'em and the motherfuckin' boys
