That's right nigga you gotta get your papers in this motherfucker
I ain't mad at ya at all (damn)
Aiyyo, what the fuck you wanna be when you grow up RahRah?
Nigga, is you stupid, I wanna be a motherfuckin' Outlaw
That's right nigga, hahaha.. housin' these hoes, you feel me?
Aight, you know what I'm sayin'?
You got to do that shit, keepin' it real nigga or what?
Keepin' it real!
How old are you nigga?
I'm eleven
Cause all I see is, murder murder, my mind state
Preoccupied with homicide, tryin' to survive through this crime rate
Dead bodies at block parties, those unlucky bastards
Gunfire now they require many closed caskets
Who can you blame?
It's insane what we been through
In fact they be the reasons niggas get to bleedin'
Hostile hoes catch elbows (beotch!)
negroes disposed of
And snitches get dealt with, with no love
Body bags of adversaries that I had to bury
But never worry, they'll remember me through history
Causin' motherfuckers to bleed, they'll label me a
Dear God, I wonder could you save me?
Before I close my eyes I fantasize I'm livin' well
When I awake and realize I'm just a prisoner in hell
Just as well, cause in my cell I'm keepin' pictures of these bastards
Exercisin', visualizin', everyone inside a casket
Picture me blasted, surrounded by niggas in masks
Sent with the task to harass and murder my ass
Will I last? Heaven or Hell? Freedom or jail?
Shit's hard, who can you tell?
And if we fail?
High speeds, and Thai weed on the freeway
Drive-by's and niggas die, murder without a motive
By makin' motherfuckers fry
Got me runnin' from these coward-ass crooked-ass cops
Helicopters tryna hover over niggas 'til we drop
Got no time for the courts, my only thought is open fire
Hit the district attorney,
but fuck that bitch, cause she's a liar
Now it's time to expire, I see the judge, spray the bitch
"Motherfuckers is crooked," is what I scream, and hit the fence
Never missin', an early grave is my only mission
If I die, never worry, bury me beside my four-five
Dear God, I wonder could you save me?
Society lied to me, I ain't never gonna try to be
My mob'll be doin' robberies, and stickups on these wannabe's
I witnessed niggas lose they chest
For ordinary reasons niggas bodies put to rest
Beck's
And if I'm next ... just let a nigga step with somethin'
Soldiers got bodies floatin' in the river, what is they sayin'?
Dear God, I wonder could you save me?
Dear God, I wonder could you save me?
Hahah, it ain't nuttin' but muuuusic
1995 the game has changed
You got babies lyin' dead in the streets
These punk police is crooked as me
Stop bein' a playa-hater, be a innovator nigga
I never die
young thugs
