No man separate what we create
Unstoppable, untouchable, motherfuckin' worldwide mob figures
Death Row at it's finest!
M.O.B.
thug for motherfuckin' life
Makaveli the Don
My life in exchange for yours, born hated as a thug
Ain't nobody tell me shit, 'til I got a sack of drugs
Had the block sewn up, cause I learned to pack a gun
Do you feel me?
Fuck the love, niggas fear me
Got these niggas runnin' all wild from my double-R
When we ride motherfuckers is sure to die
Boom once I enter the room, in the air
All you hear is the whispers of doom, niggas scared
They don't wanna see me head on..
Think of all the busters that I had to leave dead and gone
Call a gravedigga, fuckin' with a made nigga,
M.O.B
Gunfire gettin' sprayed quicker..
Fuck 'em all let 'em understand my plot to get richer
Much more than six figures, a motherfuckin' made nigga
Nigga I was raised on the streets, I had to hustle just to eat
My role model was killin' niggas so I know, I would never be weak
Cause I roll with Immortal Thug niggas
Niggas don't like us because they bitches straight love us
The President told us to leave, cause the government don't want us
It's Napoleon, I get my pleasure out of sin
And seein' blood spill ain't shit cause I seen it at the beginnin'
How many niggas fall in ya vision?
Gunnin' 'em down for every last minute that I spent in prison
It's only one way out and one way in
Motherfuckers cross and get crossed out, never made men
We find excuses to loot, cock, and shoot
Blow the roof off them groups like Rauf al-Mabhouh
Call me your prophet cause I predicted what's gon' happen
Will emerge like crack in the 80's
precious
But others gave me they hate, to cherish
Whether it's 'caine
Feel - a nigga made when I was young and dumb
With a gun but it pays so I'm bustin' for fun
Tha Outlawz, we be the Don Juan's of this rough shit
Rhymes baptize your mind while paralyze the public
With my mentality of war
Dead bodies and silence give it to ya raw
Thug nigga to the core
The results of livin' poor, got me thinkin' on a made level
Shootin' my gauge to get paid, a fuckin' crazed devil
Call me a Bad Boy killer murder motherfuckers daily
Know the feds trail me, so my alias Makaveli
Gettin' lessons from niggas in Penitentiaries
Game, when applied help me survive several centuries
Lock me in a cage I'll display my rage
Surround the court buildin' with the gauge and spray
They wonder if I'll go when I'm finally sentenced
On my knees to God, beggin' for repentance
They got me fiendin' for my cash like a fiend when he dreams of drugs
Diss Kidada
and I'll kidnap your daughter
Kill your wife and hit the funeral and tell you just who gave the order
Makaveli the Don
My adversaries, get fucked, feel me?
all I want is the C.R.E.A.M
Outlawz
M.O.B.
Tha Dogg Pound
Tha Doggfather
Daz Dillinger
Kurupt,
[Collision: 2Pac as a Police Officer & Sergeant]
We've got uhh 2Pac Shakur..
Uhh Fatal, Fatal Hussein..
Uhh Kastro, Kadafi
We got a bunch of niggas here
They've got guns in their car, they've got weed, they've got money
