Aliens! Strangers in Places, foreign in lands that we are in
Call us peculiar, but know that we are
Aliens! Strangers in Places, foreign in lands that we are in
Call us peculiar, but know that we are
Aliens! Aliens! Strangers in Places, foreign in lands that we are in
Call us peculiar, but know that we are Aliens!
A - A whole notha kind of folks, kinda slow
But we gotta go cause the world's so ill
L - Livin' the life and livin' it right
And livin' for Christ and that's real in the field
I- Intelligent but irrelavent without Christ
It's nothing but another sin element
Eternal Purpose, without it this earth is dead and worthless
S- Seek Him and please Him and let the people know that they need Him
New Creations, new free agents, ain't signed to sin
What the world do, we don't do
Cause we wanna do what the Lord does, Christ within.
our system
Listen our mission's the Great Commisssion, we come here to represent Him
That's why we call ourself Christians, Ha,
Let me spit another line
For the Plumbline and the Frontline one time on the front lines
Keep holdin' it down for all the pilgrims
All over the world representing for the bloodline
I feel like running through the middle of the campus
With the Gammas dropping hammers, waving banners, saying "JESUS SAVES!"
Bringing together the bretheren in a circle in a cipher
On the corner yellin' "Pass the Phrase!"
Telling the men in prison
About the "Peace be stiller" "Mr. Rise & Walk" and "Mr. Heal your vision"
Mr. Jesus of Nazareth
Bloodied and beaten and we were the reason for the massacare
For the sin I commit and even when I slip His love is there to grab us up
He asks and we do them gladly
We came here as satan's lacky's
Now through Christ I call Him Daddy
He changed us from actin' crappy
Now I'm just a pilgrim passing
I learned that I don't belong
Got new game, new life, new song
Don't fit in? theres nothing wrong, Anti-culture's what I'm on
Royal Priesthood, a chosen one, Rep Him well until He comes
I wish I had a dollar every time I heard em
Holla that I look like seem like talk like them
I blend in til I stand out and shout "Jesus!"
Man I really wanna be like Him
And it's funny, they love me until I speak the truth
And then they say I'm trying salt they game
I gotta do it, I'm the salt of the earth
C.O.G.'s
