Sadio ambe tomorrow
My eyes redder than blood shots
Nightmares of them gunshots
I took my girl from the lone star
To Memphis 10 on them cold blocks
And what you think we moved for
To see kids get killed in the school zone?
To see crack get sold, bodies turned cold
What you think, I think that's cool, bro?
And why do you think I went to school for?
To turn around and move back to the hood?
Nah, boy, that's what it's called a sacrifice
This is bigger than me, it's for a greater good
I went to cape town, had a breakdown
Mozambique seen a man face down
Took blows to the head, boy it's cold out here
So we're staying on the grind, no brakes, nah nah
If this a gimmick then explain what's the incentive
Been extorted, near deported for this faith I'm representing
And when I started penning lyrics
I wasn't thinking bout no cypher
I was thinking about them addicts
And them juvies and them lifers
Well this is what the people lose they life for
And what they give up all they rights for
It ain't no church in the wild, huh?
But tell me, who you think I write for?
And I ain't tryin' to be self righteous
But I write just so you'll think twice
Folks wanna call this gospel rap
Nah, homeboy, this is sacrifice
Sadio ambe tomorrow
Some of these rapper's reputations should be in dispute
Cause
real recognize real
And you do not compute
Real is laying your life down
Sacrifice for a worthy cause
Not for a bunch of green paper stacks
Overpriced clothes and shiny cars, no
This is sacrifice, it's giving your own
Even when they don't understand you
You still answer your calling
And when the world is falling and they back is turned
You reach your hand out and pull them out that fiery furnace
I learned that from the old heads
You know the ones that never turned back
Martin Luther King got shot for it
That's priceless you can't earn that
Then tell me what do you think he died for?
A peace prize? A holiday?
So I can rap a whole bunch of weak lines
About how I'm a make my choppers spray?
If Jesus really lived, then He really died
Sacrificed Himself and rose before they very eyes
And if I ain't really changed
Then it's all a lie
Why put my life on the line
Mayne this ain't worth my time
Cause it's been real
When nobody knew us we been here
Before the billboards and the Grammy awards
It was Christ homeboy we been clear
I ain't never been fake
Got faith, if I lied to yo face
May I die a disgrace
Live for the truth that He died in my place
Thank God for the sacrifice and His grace
Sadio ambe tomorrow
