And I know a lot of bitches out here broke, wearing alot of fake hair and a bunch of make-up
I was broke down bad with a pager
I'm from East Atlanta not Decatur
I remember how we didn't use to have cable
I remember how hungry I would stay up
And I'm like what would you do for some paper?
Back then nigga I'll do anything for some paper, that's straight up
That Bid I did, I was kicking doors for that paper
And them neighbors said they say me creeping round the corner
But they just hating cause I'm on the come up
I remember I was broke down bad for the longest
Had to thank my God on the way up
On the fuck shit riding with the 40
If you owe me, nigga better pay up
Don't talk that shit nigga show me
I'll aim for a ass nigga straight up
What would you do for some paper?
What would you do? What would you do?(2x)
What would you do for some paper?
What would you do for some paper?
I heard you wanna fuck me girl, you prolly wanna fuck this cash
I heard you wanna fuck me girl, you prolly wanna fuck this cash
You prolly wanna suck a lil dick
Prolly wanna fuck with my clique for that paper
Boy I'm trying to fuck yo bitch
Then pass that ho to my clique
Why you hatin'? and that nigga know my homies ain't gotta prove to you shit
We on own way up all my dudes paid up
No more Molly gotta stay up
What would you do for some paper?
Would you cross your partner for some paper?
When he been your partner since day 1
They ain't real shawty
That money got your head fucked up
That's your partner girl but you fucked her, and yall suppose to be brothers
That's showing me I can't trust ya
That forty homie damn right, nigga I'mma bust you
And if i got the choppa homie
I'mma Make Him Sing Like Usher
Got the authority bitches reppin Rich Homie, like a sorority
I was broke down bad for the longest
Had to thank my God on the way up
On the fuck shit ridin' with the 40
If you owe me nigga you better pay up
Don't talk that shit nigga show me
I'll aim for a ass nigga straight up
Gotta couple bitches saying they know me
What would you do? What would you do?
What would you do for some paper? What would you do?
What would you do?
