K. I. N. G
Solomon, Henry
Ridin' in the Bentley
They wanna send me, back to the pen
Tell them hatin' ass law, bitch I'm ballin come and get me
See Tip go by, in the whip, no lie
Didn't need no wheel cause that shit so fly
Up, up and away, so far up at the top I sit
My air so thin, need oxygen
My flow still so stupid, incompetent
Competition evidently don't know what they up against
I'm serious
I'm seriously poppin', I will be the reason why it's hot in here
Material you droppin' better push that back, that can't come out this year
I got this here, can't stop this, got this like I got blocks in here
Hit the VIP, all eyes on me like they think Pac in here
a gangsta and a gentleman
Pay niggas no concern, ain't no DiGornio, I'm deliverin'
First trip to prison, a lesson, second was just a nuisance
Peckerwood beefin' with me, they want my neck in a noose
Cause they see a niggas influence, luxurious and affluent
The one they counted out soon become the nigga to join
(Boing!)
I bounce back, in a Boeing I fly high
Niggas stay talkin' all that caca
No mucho dinero? no hablar
How automatic my chopper, they want some problems, I got 'em BYE!
I'll show niggas better than tell niggas
Combat Jack, Lindstrom, what the hell niggas?
This the new God flow, the Holy Grail niggas
Can't see me, Book of Eli, it's in Braille niggas
I'm on track to be the best, I won't derail niggas
I bend bars on bitches, I unveil nigga
OfficiallyIce, don’t at ‘em, show and tell nigga
Say my brother better? Big deal
Big brother, so fuck you, he hammer, can't touch him
Ride around, nigga, AMG mufflers
second fiddle to my own gene pool
We laugh about it, that's cool
I'm at the top and he better?
If you think about it, we rule
My life is an open book
My stuntin' is an open look
These gold chains, these stone rings
This cocaine that I overcooked
I overcame on Novacane, I Frank Ocean'd that fish scale
I tip scales, I tip hoes, I skip jail on my tip toes
I beat the odds, bet Tip knows, my top back and my wrist froze
And these ice cubes on my ear lobes
Like strobe lights on a fish bowl
Supreme ballers, dope dealers, shot callers
G.O.O.D. Music, Grand Hustle, what the block taught us
